three-two-one fortune
what's up good to see you Oh our first
date do you have a special coming on
just the craziest time ever for specials
yeah it's like one after another after
another it really is like I can't
remember ever in the history of comedy
there's been this many specials released
no and like just killers every week yeah
speaking special pull up that the video
of Tom Segura's a new special there's a
it's on Netflix is a joke on Instagram
has a copy of it because he's doing
English and Spanish right yeah this
one's just English yeah he's gonna do
one in Spanish he got a yeah people
don't know that Tom Segura is fluent in
espanol he and his mom on this part yeah
no in Spanish yeah that's amazing
yeah it's funny because he looks so
white he looks like a white bro I don't
know sometimes Mexicans talk shit around
him and he'll just look at them and then
say so that it's Spanish and they're
like oh no play the video they fucked
him he let some lady put make I never
let them put makeup on me never and they
always bring someone and this is why
this is why they they made him out and
by the way they color corrected it
because it was way worse than that
before oh really he told me was way
worse than that I go what the fuck bro
it was like I know I go dude you can't
let them do that to you it looks like he
kissed Christina and then went out to do
the shit he looks like a clown he looks
like a clown from the 1930s like when in
black and white movies like look at that
that's crazy they put lipstick on him
they put lipstick on them and they put
white makeup all over his face I had
that once
where cuz you really can't tell what
you're putting it on someone made me
look like a the marionette doll we have
big red rosy cheeks and I it was I was
hosting an award show and the whole
speech is on line
it's so crazy because you let someone
dictate what your image is gonna be
someone that really has no business
doing that they just do makeup and when
someone does makeup they want to do
makeup oh yeah I do yeah but like like
that this Posterous put some chapstick
on that's dick that's it look that's
what he looks like this is what I always
say like these I'm the only one in the
UFC broadcast that doesn't put makeup on
- yeah and I'm like we're getting we're
talking to people that are getting their
heads punched in ok literally you want
to you and Jay check who's the former
straw weight champion and she had a
fight with this woman Zhang Wei Lee who
is the straw weight champion yeah from
China it's crazy epic like one of the
best fights in history at the end of it
you want his head I saw them is so slow
like a Frankenstein forehead yeah
imagine me yeah look at her forehead
now imagine me with makeup on standing
mixer that would be ridiculous right I
refuse look at my foundation like we're
just gonna cut down on the shine who is
a fuck if I'm shiny yeah literally no
one cares yeah she's got a double
forehead now it's a double triple for us
I back is it back down I don't know she
doesn't follow up she hasn't taken
that's what she looks like normally
beautiful lady she's so tough yeah that
lady is as tough as human beings can
possibly be yeah cuz she like never even
flinched her fucking foreheads twice the
size of normal she didn't even flinch
kept throwing bombs it was amazing yeah
epic how long did it go
five rounds five twenty five whole
minutes of chaos like and it was even
the whole fight the whole fight was like
back and forth and back and forth back
and forth it was amazing I repeat are
you guys super bummed out when people
like throw one punch and the person
Falls exciting - yeah it's exciting
yeah the sport is crazy you know it can
happen that way we're like there's a
recent fight where Donald Cerrone fought
Conor McGregor and Conor in the clinch
Conor McGregor slammed his shoulder yeah
into Donald's nose and broke his nose so
they came out of clinch like seconds
into the fight his nose his bleeding and
then he got a head kicked and he got
pummeled and
stop the fight in 40 seconds oh my god
yeah and everybody was bummed out
because there was this huge pay-per-view
event that's big deal but that's part of
what's crazy about this sport is it
it's the fighting in either boxing
kickboxing or MMA it's the only sport
where you can end it early right like
football goes the distance yes for hours
yeah you baseball goes all the innings
it's like that's just how it goes
yeah but fighting can end in 10 seconds
we had fights that have ended I think
well who's got the record now it was
Duane Ludwig but not spell took it I
think right that's right mom's fidelity
has like eight seconds but it was like
it's not really I don't even think they
gave it eight I think they said it's
five I think it's great what do you do
at the live event everyone's just like
all right 12 fights Oh gotcha so that
was just one fight there's many many
many many fights
[Laughter]
yeah I'm not live it on TV you should go
I'll get crazy yeah it's pretty wild
it looks so fun yeah no one's ever
invited me and I'm not you know
proactive enough to be like now you've
been invited bring bring your boy Tom
papa I will yeah he needs to go - yeah
I'm just bread has he I wonder if he's
been one helping yes or like I don't
think so probably not maybe Jamie it
seems like maybe for anything
Hamill goes a lot he's kind of animals
but gundog oh really
a gang of them yeah yeah so so you do
that morning show at Tom I do enjoy it I
love it except for the 5:30 wake up
that's horse shit to do with every
conflict it comes to the show is like
why are you waking up this early cuz
we're all doing spot so late yeah well
it's this is the new world do you don't
have to do that anymore
yeah just a whole idea of like it has to
be on it a day yeah I don't know that's
just how they set it up you know seven
to nine every morning Monday through
Thursday were doing it for Netflix yep
they have a new Sirius XM channel that's
493 so yeah a few numbers they tell you
how many people listen they give you no
information what you have no no idea we
have no idea we only know that people
are listening because they call in
that's no you know just talking to Mike
do you hope that way it'd be kind of fun
to do a show where no one could record
it and you know it just goes out live
and there's no recording it at all like
that's what radio used to be right radio
used to be I mean that's one of the fun
things about the Howard Stern Show back
in the day cuz it was so crazy
before radio but it was you were hearing
this and this is the only time you were
ever gonna hear it oh yeah
I remember one his show was on the E
channel mm-hmm that's right I was like
him god she had a show yeah rest in
peace poor Anna she was one of the first
like I mean if Instagram was around she
would been one of the first has to house
like a reality celebrity yes
everyone was following her life and her
lawyer right yeah Howard his name's
James Howard Marshall oh yeah I think it
is Howard Stern yeah yeah different
Howard Stern's that's right yeah and
that was post-divorce after her husband
well not old yeah yeah yeah that was the
best cash-in ever her with him it was
the best cash-in ever yeah he was like
95 years old in a wheelchair and she was
a fucking bombshell yeah cuz I know her
his kids were like fighting yeah they
were trying to keep the money from her
but look it deals a deal that's always a
bummer though if you were the kid of
that guy well I had a whole bit about it
yeah he doesn't know it I go he's a
billionaire right like 95 years old he
made a billion dollars from scratch and
my joke was you know like don't you
think he's a tad crafty what's he done
give a fuck you don't have any time left
but like hit two kids or however many
kids he has they don't need a billion
dollars the size of his ears that's one
weird thing
it's all people their ears keep growing
yeah I'm looking forward to a giant ass
shrink yeah I think I might get my ears
reduced when I hit 150 oh really
that's what my plan is plans about 150
160 Medina operating table get my ears
reduced I'm just trying to I'm just
trying to make it to 50/50 that's it
that's all you wanted I was like I want
more I want more do you know we had a
guy on yesterday talking about the crown
of a house man it's nerve-racking yeah
not good well cuz you know you don't
really know what's coming
yeah well here's the thing there's a
whole bunch of other diseases that we
discussed too like chronic wasting
disease and there's a lot of shit that's
on the table that could happen if yeah
there's all these pandemics that are
possible well are there like because
certain things are melting certain
diseases that are sort of like being
uncovered from that's a theory yeah yeah
I don't know yeah there's a theory that
the permafrost is gonna release wine
when it gets melted it's gonna release
some ancient bacteria that we don't have
an immunity to Oh
possible it's all possible there's
something that happens with any any time
you have overpopulation and one of the
things that happens is nature starts to
try to course-correct yeah nature's like
there's too many
there's too many let's do something and
it happens with the animals they get
diseases and a bunch of them die off and
it you know it happens with people as
well I mean it's not a coincidence that
this disease came out of China which is
heavily overpopulated which has these he
was talking to us and depth about these
wet markets that they have in China
where they have all these animals all
right now yeah there are like laying
around what is it he said it was like
chickens and what was above the chickens
with civets any chickens were over those
they were like dropping their shit on
them or something and there was civets
below right yeah there's a slurry
combination with that right and he was
saying like with crossover diseases
that's like a test tube like you're
literally doing experiments right he's
like the perfect test tube perfect
environment for creating a new disease
yeah
as we've seen this wasn't this started
from bad
yes yeah people are eating bats over
there bro-bro
I'm with sweet-and-sour chicken chicken
sounds good right now bat bats is which
we when you're starving to death I mean
yeah that's true yeah certain places
well China again has a fucking billion
people and when you see the stuff that
they're eating over there there was a
salamander that they had that was like I
mean like the size of your thigh bone
yeah it was huge enormous fucking
salamander they're holding it down with
a meat cleaver hack up the salamander
they're like it's all food
look at that bat oh that's gnarly and
they got the wing spread to let you know
it's a good one that's a big that's a
big bat juicy bat a lot of meat there do
we have to watch oh yeah bats that big I
don't believe we do like they were
always like yeah big in America if we
had bats that big weed whack them that's
enough that's enough the Stone Age
I always old bat tonight we had swim
meets look at those fucking things oh
look at the mouths on those things open
that up what is that what the fuck is
those a little werewolves that is crazy
bro what are the mouths on those thing
yeah I was like sharp teeth that's what
the wings two chopped off no I guess
I've never seen a bat up close like no
arm or something whoa do I think you're
right find out what that is I need to
know those huge clearly they're popular
cuz that's a lot of vets for so what is
it delicious imagine we're missing out
oh those are bats those are bats they
are bats oh god what do they do with the
wing look at the fucking teeth on those
monsters imagine if they were like the
size of a horse flying around yeah get
the teeth on those fuckers it doesn't
even look real
yeah I like how when they die their
mouths are all abilities are still
trying to bite you mm-hmm just to let
you know you got to be hungry as fuck
yeah where's that hot you said that was
in Indonesia I would have said yeah I
just typed in bats in the wet market mmm
my dog threw up in my car today and I
caught it in a coffee cup Oh
wow that's impressive well he was
sitting in the front seat and sometimes
he gets sick especially when he just
eats yeah and I saw that yeah they start
moving and I just put a coffee cup right
right where his mouth is while I was
driving
yeah I have a little dog who will just
throw up out of nowhere give you warning
well when you're driving you know I mean
fortunate things he's sitting right next
to me in the front seat
yeah he's he's adorable isn't he that's
a good dog he's a sweetie pie
mmm-hmm gotta love that dog he say I've
never had a golden retriever before yeah
that's my first one but with the best
dogs is like a classic dog yeah they're
so sweet yeah
they just want love they want family
just wants to hang out with you and give
you kisses and go and walk my dogs are
like six and a half
what are they what do you have well
one's a Pomeranian a little guy little
yappy they are but we got one that is
not yappy really yeah lucky we had the
jackpot and then the other ones a like
terrier Chihuahua makes she's like eight
pounds
oh they guard our house well they're
good guards in that they let you know
something's up someone's out there
they're part yeah I got a gun yeah
that's probably the best way because I
want a gun no you want I don't know I I
wanna I would want to learn how to use
it first
oh for sure yeah because I don't want to
just have one I would but I've been the
shooting ranges for sure I mean I'm from
North Carolina that's part of you know
the culture ya know and I went to uh
randomly Luke bronze house and shotguns
for the first time he's buddies with my
buddy cam hands yeah they're but they're
real close I've never met he's a cool
dude I won heard he's the best I went to
a charity event they had at their house
and it's so nice but he had skeet
shooting I didn't get to do that but
then they had some like rifle shooting
and that's the way to live and then the
long rifle yeah
[Music]
here's what's crazy though my partner
she acted like oh what's this it's a
rifle hmm how do you use one of these
and then there's a five target she goes
bow bow bow bow it's every single one of
them and I was like what she sandbag him
she's lying she's lying to me yeah that
bitch - practicing while you're at work
sandbag man she's got a Punisher t-shirt
yeah but you know yeah I don't want to
learn the gun safety how to use it
better that's pretty straightforward
though I mean they could teach you that
in just a few minutes yeah long as
you're paying attention yeah just you
know make sure the Safety's on make sure
there's nothing in the chamber keep your
finger off the trigger whatever pointed
at somebody even when it's not loaded
mm-hmm that's where when you hear about
people doing really stupid things it's
just that's what it is it's just not
respecting gun safety right yeah yeah it
was a some Instagrammer - tick tock or
some guy shot it's fucking computing
right identity - guy and twitch did a
live twitch moron he thought it was
unloaded and he pulled the trigger on
his computer and his computer it's like
videotaping him and then disappear yeah
yeah my uh my brothers in the military
so he's here it is let's watch this guy
[Laughter]
no did they remove it Oh times when you
hit that video to play on mm-hmm Twitter
it doesn't play the first time do you
mean when it's embedded in someone's
yeah yeah when it's embedded in second
oh man unavailable you cannot see this
this is true it's too real man what we
don't want you to know that that happens
oh he shot is his Yeti Cup zoda's oh he
did right through his computer screen I
think like ricocheted hmm yeah what
happens is someone like that they take
their gun away they should it's held
against the law I think right cuz you
like to fire it on accident or something
like that or if I can get fine to think
yeah you can't get fined if you shoot up
intruder if you shoot a person you're
alright like in Texas you can kind of
you could shoot I remember story where a
guy was repoing a guy's car a guy hadn't
made payments on his truck I believe and
the repo guy was opening up the door and
you know with the slim jim and getting
into his car and the guy who reached out
the window with a rifle and shot the guy
in his driveway yeah and they didn't
charge him they really yeah they said
someone was breaking into your car as
far as you knew right your property okay
but I mean he killed this fucking repo
guy yeah but yeah but then you hear
stories about people getting sued like
if they shoot somebody that was trying
to breaking in their house that's in
other states in other states yeah you
can get sued
I mean which is crazy so I'm gonna
breaking into your house yeah you're
kind of you know backs against the wall
well you're supposed to assume that
they're not gonna hurt you when they've
already made the commitment to enter
your home yeah I force they're already
doing something insanely risky yeah the
idea that you're supposed to somehow or
another like warn them as much as you
can and that I mean I I mean I kind of
get it like what if it's a teenage kid
that doesn't know any better
stupid and they're with their friends
and they think it's funny to rob
someone's house hmm I don't know it's
just it's just it's it's both ways right
it's like it's horrible that people have
guns and they can just shoot you and
kill you but it's also horrible if you
can't have a gun to protect yourself
from someone who wants to kill you right
both things are horrible right no one
had guns the world be a way better place
but then we'd be at the mercy of like
giant people that's just be the king of
the world that's what it was before
people figured out sticks and Spears and
rocks and stuff like the biggest humans
just fucking rancette and we just like
let him yeah well then someone figured
out a bowing out motherfucker when he
gets close it's problem yeah I'm gonna
start running shit I like bow and arrows
yeah that's fun you shot that yeah yeah
not what not the gun the old cross the
old school see that's what a crossbow is
it's a shitty gun yes not really a bow
like people call it a bow
come on that's not a bow that's true
it's got a trigger you got a scope yeah
that Walking Dead shows ridiculous he'd
never runs out of never he never gets a
pass through he's on so soft you could
walk up to him stab him in the skull
your knife will go through their skull
no problem yeah by stabbing someone in
the skull that shit's hard
I have never it bounces off it's not
easy to just try it just it's not easy
to you have to be really fucking strong
and you got to hit a good spot the other
his soft spot like attempt yeah but like
he just goes right through them with
that stupid arrow but then it never
passes through right never goes right
through and he just grabs it even have
like broad heads on he's got field tips
those those tips on his arrow that look
a little tiny
they'll make a pencil hole like what
that is is for practice right practice
tips on his fucking arrows he doesn't
even have broad heads there's some holes
in these plot a lot of
that show I used to love I love that
show for the first few seasons yeah it
was a great show for like the first two
or three season I watched it up until
Rick the main guy left I didn't get that
far
and a little spoiler alert yeah when
they killed Glenn I was like I'm done
the day they killed Alan that was a
bummer but some way they did it to what
you guys got no respect to your main
character smashing his head and I saw
the dude who played Glenn I saw him out
somewhere I want to say it was out of
UFC he might have been out of UFC in the
crowd he was somewhere in the crowd but
he looked depressed Oh like he was
bummed out about getting killed though I
mean if you imagine if you're on a show
and you're one of the big players on the
show I mean he was one of the main guys
yeah and one of the more interesting
guys and he's on this show for five six
years or whatever it was and then one
day they just baseball bat you this new
guy yeah baseball bats you so not only
does this new guy on the show who's
getting all the heat but now he baseball
bats you to death yeah and then you're
just out there in public and probably
people are like mocking you on social
media if you're not smart you read that
shit and that was at the height of its
success now I know you can't wait till
Rick leaves yeah well once Rick left
it's dead right I mean I mean there's
kept it going but I was on it now uh the
chick with the sword still there she was
but she's leaving soon didn't like what
do you got yeah cuz his son's gone to
Rick son Carl Carl Carl Carl huh yeah uh
my buddy Josh McDermitt is on there yes
yeah Josh Eugene yeah Josh was on the
podcast like early on the show early and
we're like dude I can't believe you're
on the fucking walking down I knew Josh
from way back in the day Josh worked
with me at the Tempe improv he was doing
an open mic contest I think on Thursday
on Wednesday or Thursday and then we
went we got in there early because we
had to do radio back then and Josh was
on stage he was really funny and I said
hey
you want to work with us all week yeah
he's like fuck yeah and so he worked
with us all week oh really good guy and
now ah fuck dude no he started I mean
that's this thing he just stand up was
he still doing stand-up not much not
much that sucks yeah he because he has
to be in Atlanta so much but he's like a
play he can play Bill Hicks in a movie
oh yeah I've never do a Bill Hicks movie
especially with that haircut the game
perfect well he he kind of went off the
radar a little bit cuz you know that the
fans are so fanatical that that he it
was just like a lot on Instagram and
social media and it was too much and he
just went off all that stuff oh did he
really
mmm-hmm that's not good once you're done
though yeah doing the fucking improv
again yeah I need that shit society's
gonna be an actor now yeah he might cuz
he really loves acting but I remember he
couldn't tell anybody that he had gotten
the show yeah I remember and suddenly he
had a mullet yeah really I mean the
mullet cool he kind of did but not
really it's really just a punchline he
owns he owns it he lives it he is it
he embodies it yeah is um is but they
didn't with Josh's mullet isn't it um
the hair is like glued on though right
it's like some crazy wig thing they
might put some pieces but he grew it out
and dyed it dark Wow and then he then I
was at a wedding with him when the
announcement came out him I don't know
about the top part yeah I think they
glue a lot in there some extension he
can he can rock that shit look at the
upper left-hand corner that one will you
curse was that oh that's good that's
like hot dude from the eighties you know
like a dude who just pulls up in a Trans
Am that's right you're like that's
that's who I want to be
yeah one of those gold chains were those
people Heather what do they call what's
those flat gold chains called you know
I'm talking about I want to say like
Heather cutters midlife crisis a gold
chain guy would show with a gold chain
and you're like are you what are you up
to some dudes can pull it off black guys
can pull it off yeah yeah there's
something about white dudes with more
than one gold chain yeah really
atrocious I hear it's like when guys out
of nowhere start wearing a bunch of
rings mm-hmm those big pewter or silver
ears
yeah you can't do that you used to do
that and you don't need more or you just
don't yeah you can't just start it or
thumb ring right out of nowhere yeah
yeah that's going on with yeah yeah when
I first met Bourdain the other thumb
ring oh really
yeah I'm like what you doing man I'm too
old for this thing and he abandoned it
yeah he abandoned it after a while maybe
you thought it would catch on like oh I
wear a thumb ring I think it was kind of
cool for a little bit you know you don't
see him much no I don't see a thumb ring
it is weird that we decide like this for
this finger is fine yeah this fingers
fine this is an acceptable ring finger
yeah but the thumb is like what are you
doing stupid or a pinkie ring what do
you want bro were you in the Mafia Joey
Diaz has a American Indian pinkie ring
that he wears
didn't know why wears it cuz he can't
get it off he put it on any gained
weight and it stuck
[Music]
I'm sure it'll come off I'm just I'm
just joking but I think I always wonder
if that's what it is cuz I always seen
with that fucking ring on it now that
everybody's having to wash your hands
maybe it'll slip oh no it doesn't help
Michael osterholm saying it's not it's
not gonna help you Oh
airborne Terrance in the air people
breathing coughing around people if
you're close to people yeah and they're
breathing on you you're gonna get it
touches if you touch things you're gonna
get it too though
I'm
maybe it'll help a little bit if you
wash your hands a lot yeah it's it's you
know crowded places is where it's gonna
be an issue
Pearl Jam apparently just canceled all
their gigs I saw that up until late
April and they were playing Madison
motherfuckin Square Garden they canceled
that yeah they canceled some big yeah I
know my court mentors starting and I'm
like really
everybody's tour yeah I've been on these
text threads with all my friends and
like you cancel many dates like what are
you hearing I think everybody's kind of
wait like comic wise no one's canceled
don't think like I haven't seen comics
canceling so maybe everybody's kind of
waiting to see because it's almost like
a ripple effect once one goes you're
like oh right you feel like you have to
like South by Southwest kind of felt
like is how it gonna have a ripple
effect they they're saying Coachella is
gonna be October did you see Elon Musk's
tweet on Coachella they should postpone
a Coachella until it stops sucking I've
actually a response no pull it up I've
never been a good show because he was
there with a car
no that's Jaden Smith fluke model over
the crowd wait Will Smith son plays at
Coachella yeah well that makes a LAN
right that was good you know that Elon
Musk is reading his tweets how does he
have time he's he has 16 different jobs
he made all the time how was it possible
they're tweeting memes right but how is
it possible maybe he hires people to do
all the stuff now you know very hands-on
when the model 3 production was underway
he was telling me that he was working 16
hours a day
dang yeah he was in in the factory 16
hours a day maybe he gives himself a
little bit of a break and then he has on
tweet storms his tweets have cost him
millions of dollars and he's still
tweeting he didn't care he doesn't give
up but that's how much money when when
you have a lot of money you're like
whatever
yeah I'm just tweeting bitch
yeah when the when he wrote Tesla stock
selling private at 420 are secured at
420 like as a joke oh he's got like
weird 420 jokes but he doesn't even
smoke weed like when he smoked weed on
my podcast
he barely inhaled oh yeah I don't think
you really smokes weed but he is thanks
a lot of 4/20 jokes anybody smokes weed
on the sneak tip and just didn't want to
in front of everybody so he didn't want
to be rude because those offerings just
took a little bit yeah he's legal he's
too smart it's uncomfortable yeah cuz I
wouldn't know what with imagine talking
irregular idiots like when he's sitting
down there talking like me I felt bad
talking to me I felt bad you know but
you know a lot of stuff oh I know yeah
well you're well-read yeah I know a lot
of dumb shit that's good have like a car
like a peripheral knowledge a cursory
understanding of and your things it
seemed like you remember a lot of things
that you do read yeah that's where it's
tricky that's where it appears that I'm
intelligent I just have a good man want
yeah I'll just remember things cuz I'll
read things and it'll go you know I'll
be like oh yeah read that look I
couldn't tell you what I read like a
year later it's gone that happens to me
too though yeah I only have a memory for
things that I think are interesting if I
think something's interesting I remember
it but if my wife tells me some shit I
don't give a fuck I forget it five
minutes after she told me did you hear
so say it again what are you talking
about I just talked to you about that
I'm but I'm like when just like 5
minutes ago my I blocked you out yeah I
do that same thing like what she's like
you never listen I'm like no I know I
heard it worries over memorizing scripts
though for emerita short-term memories
yeah I'll remember I can learn a script
super quick oh really do the lines and
then it's gone forever
well I feel like I stand ups we have to
have a memory yeah I mean you're on
stage for a fucking hour
mm-hmm remember my sets because it's so
much repetition some people bring notes
onstage but I always find that to be a
bit
distraction like yeah like like Bill
Maher brings a fucking like concert
pianists like really stands things yeah
yeah and he like looks at the notes Oh
like like if you're inquired yeah music
a music stand yeah yeah yeah like a
podium I have brought notes on stage and
I'm as soon as I start talking I put it
down and never look at it you know cuz
it feels odd to like stop the rhythm
right to be like let me see what my
notes are you're like just go with it
and see what happens
well if you have new shit you're working
on then I understand
then if like I've seen guys go on stage
and they have new shit yeah sometimes
people go on stage with notes just to
let you know they're working on new
stuff it's almost like you it lessens
your expectation right like yeah I just
flat out tell them I'm on a journey
peter out sometimes that's how you find
the punchline yeah I did a show Saturday
night I go I don't have a punch line to
this you guys have any suggestions like
three dudes raise their hand well you
could I was like oh you took me
literally okay well what do you got
garbage I never know you never know
never know yeah I'm doing that show
tonight at the store stand up on the
spot have you ever done that
mm-hmm it's Jeremiah Watkins show he's
asked me but I should do it yeah
well used to be called thunderpussy
which is a way better name and it
actually is something that I used to do
at the end of my show the end of my
shows I used to do a Q&A and I stole
that from Jerry Seinfeld all right
before I ever did comedy I was like 19 I
took my girlfriend to see Jerry Seinfeld
at the Paradise in Boston yeah and at
the end of the show he gets requests
from the audience they they raise their
hand is paradise is a small theater I
want to say maybe 300 400 people it was
cool intimate place to see Jerry and did
he know these questions we did not say
nope okay they just like we that we want
to find out yeah so he did like an hour
and up and then afterwards he he
actually says thank you very much thank
you very much and then he says I'm gonna
take some questions from the crowd you
know if you have any questions okay God
and then some guy says how do you feel
about the big digs there's this big
thing going on in Boston when they were
digging tunnels and he went on this
whole like impromptu improvised rant
yeah big dig and then someone yelled out
something about something you did it for
a while it's like that is a great way to
come up material yeah particularly the
end of your show so I did that for a
while mm-hmm but then it got to be do
draggy like you never know when to end
it right I do an hour stand I'm an hour
that nonsense torturing these poor fucks
well because sometimes than that you can
find some real gold and then other songs
it's just like like getting crowd work
you like where do you work and it's
something laying really and where do you
know how do you write fortune all right
I go to the computer and write it all
out that's what's up knuckles boom came
out some people like all right on stage
of it no I would find punchlines on
stage but I have to know where I'm going
good for you
but uh but I was a journalist for seven
years we really yeah I was an
entertainment journalist no kidding
it was my like day job while I was
pursuing comedy at night how did you get
that good very random I was thick I was
the student speaker at my college
graduation and this actress was the
commencement speaker and she hired me to
come out to LA and be her assistant and
her neighbor wrote for like the LA Daily
News and she's like I heard you're a
good writer from your speech from in
college I was like yeah yeah it would
simply go well just like do you want to
write for me cover events and stuff and
it'll be in the LA Daily News I was like
23 it was like yeah sure why not
so I just like became a journalist I had
to just like learn how to do it was
gonna like um like movie premieres or
like the Grammys Oscars Emmys
I talked to celebrities on the phone and
would write stories
it wasn't like gossip it was more like
what are you working on tell me about
you know
the project and what do you do next and
what was the like word and so and so so
I was like getting to learn all this
stuff about the business and were you
trying to make them funny or you just
like just laying it out just laying it
out laying out the you know the
interview and what they said and and
then that job led to a syndicated column
so I was writing it so it became full
Tom for the next six years yeah so I
wrote all day from like 9:00 to like
9:00 to 6:00 no shit I would do events
at night and then I started like doing
comedy like two years into that Wow so
you would write all day and then do
comedy at night so while you were
writing would you say oh this could be
funny and then like set it aside yeah
well I always was like requesting to
like go to like funny movies like I knew
I could interview comedians or go to
like Sarah Sarah Sarah Silverman had a
show on Comedy Central's like oh can I
go to set an interview all the comics so
I was like gathering knowledge that way
knowing that I love comedy but I didn't
I was never that person like I'll do
comedy cuz you know I'm like brand-new
and stand-up but it was more of just
like it taught me the skill of just
getting to the story faster mmm like
what what's the interesting part of this
interview what's the interesting part of
this story and getting to that help me
you know just be a better writer yeah
that's a great skill to have when you
craft in bits I never knew when I
started stand-up that it would be so
much writing like I hadn't you know
obviously now I'm gonna stand up I'm
like duh you have to have material but
going into it you just don't realize the
content that you need to create it
there's a big mistake that many comics
make where they do just write on stage
and then they have these sort of
rambling intros to a bit or a bit maybe
they have something there but yeah they
they don't sit down in front of the
computer for hours you just try to pick
it apart oh yeah I try to find the best
way to do it right but if they did that
they would cut down on the process of
creating that bit you can get to the end
like some guys can get to some guys just
like they're just great at just figuring
out how to shorten things up and get to
the point really good but some people
are not and they get comfortable with
kind of half
right and then they stick to that form
through the entire bit and you'll see
the bit like hey man that bit would be
so much better if you chopped out like
the half of the world yeah for sure yeah
and I mean I'm I'm definitely more of a
storyteller so that's why I like to sit
down and write it because I'm not doing
setup punchline setup punchline I'm
telling a story but I'm trying to make
it funny on the way there and so for me
I have to write cuz I have to see what
it looks like because I'm like that said
it's really bland right what like one
word can I put in there that just like
oh I see it now I see what that is you
know yeah instead of just being like you
know a ball you know you're finding
something more unique about it I tell
people there's four steps to creating
material and you could just do one all
right the one you can do is you just do
it on stage right you just fuck around
on stage and you will come up with an
act or you can write in front of your
computer or in front of a notebook and
then you go onstage you improvise on
stage and then you listen to your sets
right those are the steps those are all
the steps so you can fuck off on the
other three and just go onstage yeah if
you're a good comic and you can figure
out how to develop an act that way but I
really think you're doing yourself a
disservice yeah and comics come up with
this bullshit like oh I write on stage
like I do too I sit down and there's
some of my best punch lines have come
from sitting in front of the fucking
computer yeah cuz you're pushing
yourself to you're like this this is not
good what you know don't stare at my
computer for an hour until until I find
like even if it's one sentence right
right that makes it better valuable you
a hundred sets and never change your bit
yeah but you could have like one you
know our session in front of a computer
we like oh oh yeah because if you're
just alone with nothing else and no
distractions and you can look at the
stuff like it just makes sense that you
with focus and time you you can create
better yeah this makes sense so you can
look at it better yeah that's what I was
doing when I was prepping for this
Netflix special I was I wrote I wrote it
all out was like 18 pages something like
that and then I was caught I was always
I was going onstage and working it out
taping it listening to it and then
constantly moving this paragraph maybe
this it was all all all of the
work was done at the computer like
moving it to where it needed to be do
you use a program or anything to move
stuff around no I just I work I use word
yeah that's fine um there's a program
called Scrivener have you ever heard of
it I like it a lot because what I do is
I'll put all of the subjects on the left
column right and then when you click on
each one it'll be the whole bit
oh that's cool I don't write in it a
ride in word or I write in I used to
write in something called write room but
that was when I was riding on a Mac yeah
and the problems was a Mac's their
laptop keyboards oh no you were saying
shit something you discovered thank God
yeah Lenovo ThinkPad that one yeah
there's so much better I mean you make
way less errors first of all they're
curved yeah the keys are curved so your
fingers fit into them and also there's a
lot of key travel
yeah this is like 1.7 millimeters - I
think their maximum wants to point two
millimeters and the minimum is 1.5 1.5
is probably cuz the low is you really
want to go because any time you get
around one it's just not enough key
travel an apple everything has to look
beautiful and everything has to be
designed it's all about that sleek
design minimal horseshit
because you've made a tool that doesn't
work as well right it's flat keys
they're not concave you know they have
that beautiful C shape you know that
lenovo has so your fingers like you know
which key are hitting there's no errors
you don't fuck up as much yeah I did the
old school uh my mom made me take
keyboarding in high school so I had to
learn how to do things so the keyboard
is important yeah it's variable Y a you
should try a think pad I'm telling you
yes shit
yeah I was so much better and you get
over the windows thing here it's like
Windows sucks it doesn't suck anymore
and Windows 10 does not suck yeah it's
easy it doesn't fuck up
it sucks when it has to update that shit
takes a long time right but that happens
on the Mac dude yeah but the type on it
is a dream it's so much easier well
especially if you're spending so much
time riding on something yeah if you're
just like surfing then then that's like
yeah I see like whatever I have this
ThinkPad x1 carbon and fucking weighs
nothing
yeah weighs like a couple of
which is nice to take like on the road
well the Apple wants to make aluminum
laptops yeah old beefs that I have over
there yeah it's 17 it's heavy then you
have that big old power strip yeah but
that I could fuck somebody up with are
they trying to mug me that's true you
have a bag with a 17 inch laptop in
that's like a bomb yeah but that's
actually the reason why I have that one
because the key travel was different
back then that key travel is actually
pretty good on that yeah the keys are a
little curved but once they started
trying to make them thinner and lighter
that's what I loved because I have the
air yeah so it's like my little fat
fingers and then change something
recently where it's like I'm writing
words and it's changing it for me in
yeah but to like the wrong ones
totally wrong I think you might that's
not it's yeah it's been weird like
there's some update that was weird
lately in Microsoft Word I think so yeah
unless I'm thinking about my phone it
could be my fault yeah the phone does
that with me it's like I think you meant
to say just like the craziest words that
no one's everyone is really yeah well I
mean the classic ducking oh yeah who's
ducking at some point they need to
embrace that people are saying fucking
well why don't they have like a way you
can click on it and say learn like man
old people don't want you suggesting
fucking right but or you know hardcore
Christians or something that but if
you're a person who the fuck all the
time preference you should be able to
autocorrect - fuck yeah like it says
that once you used to know ya should be
like alright this is a standard word
what if Android does it the same way Oh
wonder if Android corrects like that to
my partner of the Android yeah they're
so funny with partner why don't you say
my girl my girl a woman I don't know it
why is it part partners always you guys
in business thankful is that what it is
I don't know what I think because we
couldn't get married I mean we're not
married we're engaged but I think
because we will couldn't get married for
so long it was like they couldn't say
wife her husband right so the word
okay partner it is weird right like wife
and husband and all his words yeah that
just standard word so we just use over
and over again
my wife my girl is like that it's like
your girlfriend for a long time it's
your fiancee for a long time his wife
when did BAE come along when the BAE
when did they come along seems like it's
real recent isn't like three or four
years ago yeah these fucking kids on
Instagram probably came up with it my
bad with her kids yeah it's just a
partner's weird a friend of mine used it
and he was talking about his wife mm-hmm
it's like my partner and I we died with
your partner what yeah it's like people
who are progressive they try to use
words that like gay and lesbian people
use the right word and they try to use
it like almost as like they're an ally
yeah my partner your partner yes your
wife that lady you're married to I shut
the fuck up I find the word fiance weird
it is weird so is she is my fiancee
we've been engaged for over two years
but it's weird to be like this is my
fiancee yeah it's like it almost seems
like more pretentious it is a little bit
right it's like shit-or-get-off-the-pot
bro yeah what are you doing
we are getting married but we're like
just not neither of us are planners you
should be able to say it the week before
the wedding yeah my fiance and I the
week before that mm-hmm other than that
stop saying it no so if you come up with
a better word for me good thing about
fiance is those gender-neutral mm-hmm
right it's boy girl to everybody right
yeah this just spelled differently but
no one really cares about that where was
I reading in some country they have a
marriage contract that lasts a certain
amount of time what fuck was that I was
like wow that's interesting like like a
five-year contract with a with an
ability renew and oh and so if it's not
working out yeah that's like a lease on
a car you just get that piece of shit
back that's not
mad for some people because great for
some Anna Nicole Smith's husband would
have loved that yeah you know let's take
a lease try it out yeah it'd save you a
lot in divorce fees and write all that
because this is I don't know it's weird
it's like in a case like the Anna Nicole
Smith bit or the Nicole Smith situation
like that kind of situation is weird
when one person has the money and you
could tell the other person is only with
them for the money right and they're
trying to talk them into signing a
contract and then they'll eventually
leave them like I knew this lady she was
really hot her boyfriend was really not
and we all knew what was coming right
and the guy had money and he got married
yeah I got married and she took the
house she took everything
oh she left him oh yeah yeah we knew she
was gonna how long did she stay in it
just dating in a couple of years just
enough to get the cheese ash just it was
it was ugly for all involved
yeah a chicken on the outside we're like
that poor pass but you can't like say
anything your friend cuz then your
friends like what's wrong with me why
would she don't want to be with me for
me well I wasn't tight enough with him
okay yeah he was just a casual friend
yeah he's a nice guy but but it was like
the writing was on the wall
oh yeah the moment I saw the two I was
like oh you got money yes I see what's
up and she was just what you got yeah
she was looking around for other dick
too
it was just one thing man to always
looking for the next but but it is a
possibility that's the thing it's like
peanut prostitutes illegal but being a
gold diggers fun right like you should
go to jail being a gold it was a
difference it's the line is not that far
apart very close yeah like do you
remember Donald sterling the guy who
owned the Clippers the only hot
girlfriend she recorded I'm saying
straight to shit yeah that was a perfect
example yeah girl was clearly a gold
digger
disgustin yeah he was disgusting and she
was hot
and then he had a cell right yeah they
made him sell the team
had a whole bit about it because it's
really funny what he said was he goes I
don't care if you fucked these guys just
don't take pictures with him ya see
everybody like it was a virtue signaling
opportunity for everybody to make sure
that everyone knew that they were not
racist and that they abour racism right
which is wonderful right but what what
he said was pretty reasonable he said I
don't care if you fuck these guys just
don't take pictures with them yeah
that's his girlfriend so imagine if he
said it the other way I don't care if
you take pictures with him just don't
fuck him right that would be reasonable
right so he's giving her a way better
deal she's allowed to fuck them yeah
take pictures if magic if he said it the
other way everybody'd be like well
that's reasonable yeah he said you know
just take pictures all day but don't
fuck them that would be like a standard
thing that someone would ask of a spouse
I mean most spouses don't want you fuck
another most some of them do yeah that's
where it gets really weird right the
people that want you to fuck other
people they know open stuff you take
pictures even worse like rocks those
guys those guys that want guys to fuck
their girl oh yeah because there is like
what mask is there something like that
nothing there their cock holds that's
what it's called that's the that's the
real term but the the origin of the term
this is a cock hold and the origin of
the term is like a man who knows his
wife is fucking other guys I know
they're approves of it or or likes the
feeling of shame right there's some men
that like the feeling of shame and
humiliation to run this world weird how
does take all types of people to run
this world oh that people have so
there's so many different kinds of
people when it comes to like sex stuff
people are all over the all over the
spectrum yeah Ferraris people have to
dress up like mascot yeah there's a lot
of CEOs that like to hire dominatrix
tell them what to do and I'm on the ball
is the only person that will like talk
to them like that they like it they like
guys - or they like women to spit on
them and stuff yeah piss on them and and
just treat them like shit I'll tell you
this surgeon once I'll piss on your
feels like I'm gonna just be in pain for
the next two hours nothing that works
that's what they say someone - they just
poured they poured vinegar on it I'm
like you don't have an ointment like
what you have to go straight to pissing
on my foot not much they can do I just
pulled the things out I got to pull them
out we were snorkeling and then we you
know we've got near this reef and I want
to put my feet down catch a little break
and I just went right onto a sea urchin
well I tried I attempted to surf in
Hawaii and I couldn't even get my board
past the break and so it kept pumping
back and I got so tired of just like I
had no upper body strength so I just I
stood up and immediately like stood on
the sea urchin yeah those fuckers rough
yeah
they don't wanna get eaten because
they're delicious have you ever had
surgeons never so good it looks like an
orange oh that's that orange yeah I
never had it because it looks weird
it does look but it's quite delicious
and the textures not it's a little mushy
okay but I don't texture doesn't bother
me
texture bothers me I can't eat certain
foods really like strawberries seeds oh
really the Tokyo tea seeds like the
feeling of white what about Chinese the
same because it's mushy and seeds oh
you're a weirdo I'm a weirdo I think I'm
just coming up with excuses not to eat
fruit well you mentally I'm telling
myself keep away from seeds yeah you
okay with oranges
I like oranges yeah what about when you
find a seed to get mad it's different
because it's not like that hard I don't
know some of the hard crunchy thing I
don't like same was like um
raspberries okay raspberry seeds are a
little odd yeah they're a little odd but
love the flavor of strawberries so you
do about it I just think someone peel
your strawberries don't super baller and
flying around in private jets get your
toes done just peel your strawberries
why do a bitch yeah no good no have any
problems yeah I get it though I eat a
lot of crazy shit though yeah yeah I
don't have any problem so it's your very
healthy guy pretty healthy mm-hmm thank
you good for ya do you have any
aspirations to be healthy uh do you want
to one day I mean I've been trying to be
better
I just lost I lost 40 pounds that's
awesome yeah thank you
I mean it's more like 32 now that's good
um but you know it's just it's a start I
mean it always fluctuates but I think
once I got with my fiancee she she's
very skinny partner yeah my partner
she's very skinny and she comes from a
healthy family did she ever like bitch
you crushing me
well she she she just like you know we
were like in love you know what like ten
course meals azam whoo you know you're
just like living the high life watching
Netflix you drink yeah but we both just
like we got engaged and saw our
engagement photos really oh shit
bullshit like there's no joy in looking
at our engagement photos were both like
horrified so it like was the catalyst we
did that whole thirty thing you know
that is what's that it's like for 30
days it's an elimination diet it's like
no sugar dirt no dairy no gluten soy
yeah all that stuff no alcohol and it it
really like made me for the first time
start reading labels I certainly didn't
like what all the chemicals are in foods
and it's basically eating whole foods
like meat and vegetables basically for a
month and how'd it go almost 20 pounds
diverse
realm that's amazing kept it off and
then did another round like six months
later lost another like 20 18 20 and I
kept it off for a while and it's like
over the holidays like seven pounds or
so creep back the holiday creep yeah but
at least I'm like we're trying to go
hiking together cuz I just come from a
family that come from from North
Carolina we love fried food my families
were big folks and I just never really
learned that nutrition thing you know we
don't have a lot of money and we're poor
all that you know the worst foods for
your like a dollar yeah it's not amazing
the poor people were fat in this country
yeah this is the only time in history
where poor people are overweight mm-hmm
in the past it was I mean look at photos
from like the 1920s when people are poor
yeah it's something John yeah try not to
starve to death
they just need food yeah so you know
it's like when you don't have a lot of
money you do tend to go to like the fast
food places the food that's not good for
you so I'm almost like having to retrain
myself and my brain as an adult and it
seems like backwards like you can eat
pretty good at fast food if you if
you're smart yeah like if you like you
can get like three egg mcmuffins and
just take away the bread mm-hmm and just
eat the ham and the end the egg is
actually good it's not bad it's actually
good yeah yeah I mean it's a bullshit
egg
so really the yellow of the yolk looks
like you're yellow like I buy these
organic eggs I used to have chickens
with the Coyotes kill them all oh yeah
my brother has chickens the same thing
my um my yolks you still look like
orange yeah get them from the chickens
that I raised cuz I'd let them roam
around but that's also how they got
whacked actually lost a bunch of them
that way and then we lost more of them
because they broke into the chicken coop
but I buy them now from this organic
company that lets their chickens
free-range and they're dark dark healthy
yolks yeah I don't get that from
McDonald's unfortunately no but you
still get eggs which are good for you
which is not bad for you yeah you can
you can be pretty good yeah I think
where I get messed up is the road yeah
it's hard for me to like really maintain
that I need structure I need like I want
you know every day we're gonna hike
we're gonna do this we're gonna eat at
home yeah as soon as I start on the road
it's like oh you know well we got a
taste this
delicacy from I don't know Detroit right
well I was actually after shows is a
real problem for everybody because
you're tired yeah when you're tired you
make the worst food choices for sure
give me cake cake for breakfast yeah
there's one of my favorite restaurants
ever is in Montreal it's called Joe beef
I've heard I've ever I've never been all
the comics love that place damn it's
good and the guys Fred and David have
been in here before the podcast before
they're great I was introduced to them
by Bourdain it's a good steak house
right they have everything okay it's a
French restaurant oh that's a
spectacular food yeah it's the first
time I ever ate horse ooh
I had worse in Switzerland by accident
it was bovine gnarly give that texture
man it tasted like a raw hamburger patty
oh well it was probably tartare it was
probably yeah but I didn't order that
I ordered a hammer so you thought you
were getting the hamburger and they gave
you raw horse meat yep Wow like my dog
in the car
yeah it is interesting what we would
choose to eat what we choose not to eat
I went down a homesteading rabbit hole
last night for whatever reason you know
sometimes I go on his YouTube brow it
holder the last night I spent an hour
watching videos of people who raised all
of their own food and the homes dead
okay and this one guy was talking about
rabbits and he's raises rabbits and he
has these rabbits in
hutches yeah these hutches and and then
they they keep them and and eat them
yeah and he was like two rabbits will
give you 600 pounds of meat a year
really yes two rabbits yeah as they fuck
so much and they make so many rabbit
babies yeah keep doing it and then you
mix them up and make them fuck them and
they all fuck each other and they make
more rabbits and then you keep feeding
those rabbits and the other thing that
he was saying was the rabbit poop is
like the best fertilizer on earth it's
amazing fertilizer and you scatter the
rabbit poop and also the birds will
actively peck at the rabbit poop and
they will turn the rabbit poop they'll
they actually turn the soil for ya they
fold it into the soil for you yeah crazy
these people living off the land right
well this guy was living off the land he
seemed a little odd usually he always
are yeah when they're off the grid and
there's home schooling his children you
know the whole deal yeah like Jesus is
coming back and we does we're gonna give
him rabbit meat let's everybody got a
bunker Jesus is coming back
don't listen those people at school they
don't know shit I know those little kids
they like try to like you know
intertwine with other kids at some point
and you're just like oh poor kids your
home school that's a rough spot for kids
if they've been homeschooled and then
one day they get out in the real world
well you just need to socialize them
right listen if you are a homeschool
good for you I understand some people
you know you could end up getting a much
better education if you're a good home
school teacher but socialize your kids
that was harm I knew this one kid that
was socialized and his dad he's taken to
jiu-jitsu and he was pretty talented
like pre talented jujitsu kid but he was
just so socially awkward for someone his
age yeah whereas other kids like I want
to say like 16 17 at the time other 16
17 year old kids who would come to class
they would be like kids they'd be having
a good time trying to learn like wow
that's cool but they they were used to
being around people right this kid was
like the whole the wild world yeah here
in the world and his jiu-jitsu class
news he seemed like little shell-shocked
to be around large groups of people
whereas kids that go to school you're
used to being around large groups of
people I'm right there's a very valuable
socializing aspect to school mm-hmm
absolutely
I mean most people don't even learn
anything in college you just learn how
to like a cool person to hang out with
right well they learn so not everybody
some people well they do learn but some
people also learn how to push buttons
they learn how to get people to like you
right you learn you know how to get
people to think you're virtuous you know
how to be for the right causes and how
to shame people that are for the wrong
causes and how to try to yeah there's a
lot of that going on in college too but
that's also part of being a young person
right right you're young you have these
ideals and you're trying to enforce them
on other people you think you know it's
when I go do College shows now I'm like
oh you guys are so young yeah I can't
believe it I still do college shows like
here in there it's once in a blue moon
they're they're hard you know those kids
like they don't they don't know how to
take things like they don't get the joke
sometimes yeah very literal where you're
like hey that I was being sarcastic yeah
you're not allowed to yeah you shouldn't
do that
yeah yeah they're like 80% people
they're not 100% people I've been
schooled sometimes really you shouldn't
say that kids in the clutter in the
crowd it was a while ago
but you know yeah you're just like
alright I'm not getting paid enough I
had a kid came up to me once and say
tell me that something was anti-semitic
and this was the it was like someone
said do you know any was like one of
those fun it was like little auditorium
not a big crowds way back in the day
right yeah and someone said do you know
any jokes jokes like good jokes I said
okay I gonna know one two Jews walk into
a bar they buy it that's it uh-huh and
that joke was very anti-semitic
why because Jewish people are good at
business they're successful
that's not anti-semitic this yeah bro
Jewish that means they're good at buying
stuff right good at good at running
businesses yeah that's that may be a
stereotype right but it's a positive
stereotype right it's a successful
stereotype it's like black guys with big
dicks right right yeah
to say that it may be stereotypical yes
stereotype but it's a positive no one's
been like yo Joe yeah don'ts they have a
big day Italian grandmas are good cooks
oh my god you racist well yeah no that's
that's usually a fact yeah usually more
people where that is true yeah not it's
a stereotype yeah but it's a positive
stereotype there's a difference between
something that's discriminatory like
it's mean right of course something is
just fun yeah you know and college kids
don't get that yet inside I had this
conversation with the kid you know he
like felt like boy he was gonna tell me
you know he came up to me to let me know
like you know he this is again this is
the 90s yeah I was like how was it how
was it possibly into semantics yeah and
he didn't have an is baffled he thought
he could just say it and I'd be like oh
my god I'm sorry I didn't know I
offended you and you did and then he was
gonna leave I'm like think about what
the joke is I'm saying they buy the bar
yeah how is that bad in any way but
that's half a college shows you're
explaining you're taking up top just
explaining the joke I just old but that
one in particular is so ridiculous yeah
because there's nothing negative up
about it at all
it's the simplest joke of all time two
Jews walk in a bar they buy it right
it's not even that funny it's like but I
don't know any jokes I don't know any
jokes get out of here the fuck out of
here yeah tell me what you talked about
Oh God I talk about life I've had
fucking comedian like older comedians in
particular say that so what kind of shit
do you talk about on stage but I talk
about the hierarchies and how we can
just mental them and separate people I
don't I don't know I want to talk about
I talk about life yeah I see or you'll
meet somebody for five minutes like you
can talk about me if you want
what do i I don't know you people the
thing I'm gonna talk about them on stage
hey fuckface
yeah yeah ain't interested I'm like I'm
on in my own crazy life
silly family yeah I'm good and your
nonsense your nonsense but I could yeah
I came up at the the store that's where
I first learned to stand up really and
it whoa what you're just start 2007 Wow
that's the year left I know that was the
whole controversy and yeah I wasn't
there that night but it was all the talk
obviously and uh yeah sorry 2007 in the
belly room and uh just you know that's
one like no one was coming to shows you
be empty they're like giving me like 130
spots the one thing that I felt bad
about I felt like damn what if that shit
place goes under mm-hmm you know after I
bolted yeah I'm talk shit about them
right because yeah it was a it was like
just a different town like now every
shows sold out and that crazy yeah but
back then it was like I was like
performing like for drunk dudes
well 2014 is when it all turned back
around mm-hmm what did make it turn back
around just like oh you guys coming back
yeah for sure yeah yeah and then talking
about it talking about I think podcasts
helped when I started back again it was
pretty good yeah it wasn't as good as it
is now now it's now it's great saying
yes now but but creatively it was really
good back then I saw roast battle for
the first time and I remember being
there I'm going wow these people are
fucking creative this is a this is a fun
show mm-hmm you know and I came back
because well first of all because Adam
Adam Egan and because Tommy got fired
yeah dipshit that was running it but
also because Ari was doing his comedy
special there right right and I love our
to death there was no way I was gonna
miss that I was like I can't miss it
yeah it's one of my best friends I was
friends with him when he was a doorman
at the store now here he is doing his
Comedy Central special day yeah am I
gonna have to come back and so I went
there the night before which was a
Tuesday he was filming on a Wednesday I
came to the night before and I saw roast
battle and then a huh
I was like holy shit I was like this
just feels crazy yeah it feels like a
different place a whole whole different
energy
yeah and Adam was like come on man come
back that was 2014 mm-hmm yeah no a long
time yeah I mean between seven years ago
on yeah I was gone for seven years yeah
and then um I saw already set and then I
sat down with Paul II I made nice nice
with Paul I became buddies again yeah
and then I said fucking him back and
then when I came back Joey Joey came
back I think a little bit before me yeah
I think Joey was back like maybe a month
before I was which helped me as well and
then Duncan came back a little bit after
that and then Adam because everybody
loves Adam he opened the door to a bunch
of comics that never worked the store
before they thought it was like they
thought it was dark yeah a lot of people
thought it was like a gross place what a
weird energy yeah there was like you
would walk down the hall and you could
feel that sort of heaviness you know
this is a comedy place like this is
weird that it feels so heavy well that
place has gone through weird peaks and
valleys when I went there in 94 I first
came here from Boston or from New York
actually I went fosston New York but
when I was in Boston it was Mecca you
know talk about it like dude that's
where Kinison came yeah this is at the
store Richard Pryor you know Billy X was
a doorman I mean we would talk about it
like yeah with like hushed tones like
the mecca who was Mecca mm-hmm but then
when I came here in 94 it was dogshit
really I was terrible yeah it was
terrible there were a bunch of bowed
acts see what happened was kinnison died
in like 92 mm-hmm and when he died there
was a vacuum there was a yeah and he had
already left the store he left the store
I think like a year or two before that
he had a falling-out with Mitzi and you
know he was fuckin crazy right cuz it
was like legitimately crazy yeah and
there was a wave when he was there were
a bunch of people come to see him and
some of the other guys like you know
Rick do come in and some you know there
was Martin Lawrence was there and then
more actually Martin Lawrence was there
during the during 94 when I was there
yeah made me be like 95 or 96 but when I
when I came back most of the nights he
would be there like Monday Tuesday
Wednesday 3:00 half filled room yeah
terrible acts people that should have
quit comedy years ago they were
only doing the store we're in spots
getting spots and they weren't working
they weren't working comics and they
were working probably the same material
that was happen when I started yes yes
they were working the same material
forever for years and years and years
and that that was fucking gross it was
just it was weird to see like I remember
the first night I came there I sat in
the back of the room to watch a show I
was out here for a pilot me and Jim
Breuer mm-hmm we're out here filming a
pilot we both lived in the East Coast
yeah and I was like wow this is the
store like this is weird right acts are
terrible no one no one was good there
was no one good it wasn't like you know
Dom Marrero was there I mean I'm sure he
was there occasionally but it wasn't
like it is tonight where any night you
go there you'll see Ron why crystally
and Nick Swartz and Whitney Cummings
fucking Anthony Jeselnik killer killer
after killer it's like holy shit yeah
and it wasn't when I started it wasn't
it was like Tony was the door guy
I'm not good daliyah was like just
starting to do like the o.r and you know
yeah it was an interesting time like
Whitney was doing a lot of spots know
our and you know it was very cliquish
like everybody's kind of knew each other
and I just like started in the belly
room and worked my way down and it was
cool though because it made me it made
you better because you know there was
like never I wasn't I rarely did show
him like 10 people in the audience at
least downstairs but I remember
late-night spots were weird those
late-night yeah they're weird and they
didn't care
Tommy didn't care if people are on TV
like I remember Jordan Peele had just
finished
MADtv he they put him up on it was like
that bring her and not bring her show as
an open mic they let him do like three
minutes on this open mic and he wasn't
what he is now as far as like he had
this huge hit moving now he's this
massive director but he was been on
MADtv for seven years he went like three
and a half five minutes
Tommy comes storming up you're like
what's happening it was like the wild
wild west
and so I just kind of like kept to
myself and just kept doing jokes and
well Tommy should have never been in a
position ever to tell anyone what to do
yeah and they let him do that because he
was basically Mitzi's caretaker and
right you know along the way he
alienated a lot of people he became a
real mess
yeah people but I had you know I was
lucky because early on like guys started
seeing me perform in the belly room and
they were the one cuz you know it's hard
to get his ear you had to like get his
ear to like let you showcase but like I
bet Ernst saw me at a show and he's like
you got a you got a showcase I'm like I
can't get Tommy's attention you know so
it was like dudes would like you know he
he would see Tommy be like you gotta
show guys you gotta learn showcase I
always wondered if maybe he was like
Jack Nicholson in the shining like in
the Overlook Hotel yeah the place like
took over him but it might have maybe he
was just vulnerable and dumb enough so
the coast could get in his head that
place is definitely weird yeah it's but
it's real positive now it's a different
darkness isn't isn't there anymore oh
yeah sorry supportive my showcase room
it's yeah did I did the video though she
wasn't there
she had just passed Justin Martindale
and then I showed Justin Martindale was
the last person one and then I and then
she passed she didn't pass me as a
non-paid regular first me too
yeah did so I got to do the belly room
on Friday nights and then I was a
non-paid regular for like six months and
then then I got passed yeah my story's
real similar non-paid regular folk I
think four or five months I was going on
every night late late late at night and
on after the show was over mm-hmm you
know just and I get it I mean I was only
I got past three years in the stand-up
so I wasn't complaining yeah but you
know she was like she needs to keep
working sure I'm gonna make her a paid
regular yet so it made me you know have
to work yeah work for it which I
appreciate now also it's like you get
used to the club you get used to just be
in there like to me it was just being
there was so weird
mm-hmm but I was six years in a comedy
when I came to LA yeah and
I remember the day I became a paid
regular was like I couldn't sleep
mm-hmm I was like holy shit I was
staying in the Oakwood Gardens
apartments oh yeah furnished everybody
yeah yeah I was laying in bed going holy
fuck I'm a paid regular at the store
like I'm a real comedian now yeah that's
all I could think I was like I'm a real
comedian mm-hmm like I'm professional
yeah he's a big deal oh my god for me
was huge and it was like um because I
started an improv and sketch at The
Groundlings oh yeah so I've like even
though I was newer to stand-up I'd have
that stage experience for a couple years
before I started stand-up which I felt
helped me just get in the rhythm of
stand-up right away and so I just kind
of hit the ground running and you know
to me one of my biggest accomplishments
is being a paid regular and then that I
got it before I was on TV because
sometimes you know I feel like that does
help when you're like um TV they're like
oh they're well they're funny they're on
TV and they yes sometimes get passed and
so it made me feel like a real comic
dude it passed and not have any TV
credits yeah no I'm sure I mean having
that any kind of performance experience
is gonna like at least give you this
comfortable feeling yeah performing
talking in front of people some people
it's so weird yeah walking in front of
people is just that's that's one of the
most terrifying things that some people
can do yeah like before death started
doing the road pretty quick 2010 I did
Last Comic Standing
I was on that was Philippe as far as the
Tommy John again
hopefully pay yeah Nikki Glaser oh she
was on that scene yeah damn that's a
good season it's a good season and it
had like gone away and come back so it
was kind of an exposure to host Craig
Robinson oh okay yeah and so I did that
and I started the road after that but
like she gigs you know God Craig was the
host of it I just when J was the host of
it yeah it was it had been on and it was
like more of a reality show with
stand-up and then when they brought it
back it was like just stand up no one
was like living in a house together oh
really
yeah there were no like challenges oh
yeah cuz you got lucky
yeah for sure so I just got to do
stand-up and then I started touring
after that and then 2011 I got Chelsea
Lately and then I started basically I've
been tour ever since wow that's cool
mm-hmm that's amazing that's a good
little origin story yeah like well bill
burr used to he's always been so nice to
me and he'd always be like why are you
never at the store I'm like I'm I'm Tori
I'm promise you I'm doing stand-up I
just started touring like and wasn't
going in as much for a little bit that's
great though but he's always like you
need to stop acting and just to stand up
I'm like I get it but I need to
compliment I do like acting when he says
that it's a compliment yeah for sure
he's just he just thinks you're really
funny that's that's high praise yeah
he's always been so good to me he's
great guy he's a really good guy the
best I just didn't think that he would
be into my comedy you know I he loves
comedy period yeah yeah and he loves
just he loves the art form and he
respects people that work hard at it and
they're good at it he's so down to earth
like still yeah and all the success that
he's had I've known him forever he's
never changed yes and he's so humble
like if you tell him that he's doing
well it's like
but that's why he's so funny I mean this
is also a unique time in that comics are
putting out all these specials and the
specials are better with each time like
I think paper tiger was one of his best
specials ever yeah maybe his best it was
really sharp and it's hard to top
yourself you know it is yeah but that's
the thing about the store that's so
wonderful I hate to use that works it
makes you sound fake wonderful it's so
amazing that there's so many people
doing that like you know and it's cool
to be able to sit down and talk to the
different people that are doing it and
you know different ways like yeah like
bill doesn't put himself on any kind of
a cycle he just decides when it's time
to do a special I don't I don't want to
ruin it like whenever I want to do it
then I'll do a special right but
Jeselnik puts himself on a cycle and
it's an interesting so does he one year
all town all in town crafting the
material one year clubs okay one year
theaters film special I did not know
yeah Jeselnik is one of the hardest
workers and one of the most clever
writers in the business yeah he's very
sharp very clever and his jokes are one
of those jokes we hear and you go yeah
like this is like a pause be like god
that's a good point
because you don't see it coming to yes
is a real talent yes and he goes dark
and dark there's you know people that
can get away with that oh he can get
away like you did that
yeah bleating mmm and you know it's also
just it's so well done yeah it's like if
you're gonna drive fast you better be
really good at driving I mean yeah if
you're gonna do dark comedy you better
be really good jokes like there was a
like a la Tom's I don't know what it was
they were interviewing like Sebastian
Maniscalco and they came to the store to
interview him and they said that
Jeselnik came in the room where he was
being interviewed and just sat and
stared at him
[Laughter]
as the then you finally got to Sebastian
can you get out of here he's another guy
Sebastian is it's hugely successful but
really humble never changed at all yeah
just just happy and grateful and yeah
yeah well that's the cool thing about
comedy right now I mean you've seen so
many different iterations of it but like
dudes they're selling out arenas I mean
you - it's like ever it's comedy it's
like as big as rock guys you know like
you should be the opposite was always
the rock guys were like here and the
comics wanted to be them and now that
all these you know guys are like killing
it yeah well the difference is the rock
guys have a fucking band and they have
to get along with the band and then like
I bring different opening acts all the
time I don't want anybody get annoying
yeah I mix it up yeah and we don't have
to bring shit with us love to bring
drums plug-in and feedback what the fuck
bird I love Bert but what the fuck is
the big picture of his face always boss
he did Joe cool I always mess with each
other like Joe's all showing his plane
and Bert's showing his tour bus which is
joke why have a plane his face on it not
it not with just their they're like
showing off their like lows of
trepidation yeah and I'm all like I get
upgraded on American this week look at
that look at that boss beautiful boobs
body shot World Tour look he's got his
fucking podcast that's just you're just
begging to get stalked yeah but I mean
that is it we wanted a role in
advertisement I mean I guess it's also
annoying all of us all of his friends
are like what are you doing but he's but
he's been that guy yes forever where
he's just like hey I'm gonna bar after
the show let's go
like I don't think he cares Lee's drunk
yeah why would he carries drunk and in
college what he was like the dude the
party guy he was the inspiration
for that movie with Ryan Reynolds and
wilder and Wilder yeah was the
inspiration on yeah that's crazy like
he's not fuckin nuts
that's how so I got I got like work god
I love him to death he would have a bus
with of course he would but yeah I'm so
silly but it worked it's also he's so
grateful because he had this Travel
Channel show yeah and all of us Burt was
out there traveling and he's he's doing
these shows he's gone for months and
months at a time and all of us like Bill
talked to him about it I talked to about
him like I remember I called him once
and he was drunk on a motorcycle yeah he
said you were a big reason why he was
like I gotta I gotta stop doing this and
get back to stand up yeah I'm like dude
you're a great comic you're a funny guy
and you're you that'll go away and
you'll be you'll be at the at the beck
and call of these people in the Travel
Channel who want to censor you I mean
they everything has to be like squeaky
clean down the middle like I was friends
of Bourdain and he had real problems
with the Travel Channel yeah you know
they at the time I think they were owned
by very religious people and didn't oh
yeah there was a lot of weird shit so
they wanted he could talk about things
he's a bird so fuckin savage he's a
drunk Savage and he's out there you know
I mean he enjoyed being employed on
television right it was all good when a
bad thing it was a great job I'm sure he
loved the job but I equated it I had
experience doing fear factor so for me
it was like kind of the same thing but
at least fear factor I was in town yeah
and I could do the store at night but I
was telling them like listen man you
won't be happy unless you have a career
as a stand-up you're always gonna wonder
you're he's gonna see these guys put you
in a drive-by The Improv see these guys
headlining yeah it could be me I could
be up there having a great time yeah and
look at the level he's at now that
wouldn't have happened he's crushing it
he's close she's selling out fucking
theaters everywhere everywhere yeah it I
mean it's a direct result of him
deciding to take that chance and that's
a hard chance to take when you have a
family I'll tell you that's one of the
hardest things in this biz
this is betting on yourself yeah it's so
hard to get stability in this business
so when you get a taste of it you're
like oh I can't I don't I don't want to
mess this up yeah but you don't realize
that the risk is greater you might fail
but the risk is if it works it works
like five yes exactly but that's that's
a hardly for a lot of people to take it
is it's one of the reasons why I have so
many jobs I don't I don't want anybody
to have any power over me yeah I want I
just I have a good philosophy on how I
do my thing you know I want to just I
just want to do my best and have fun and
the more people that are in your ear
talking to you about stuff and telling
you what to do and what not to do once
you get away with the not get away with
the more you're fucked
well yeah it's like you're you're never
gonna find your best voice he's not
going to because you're not being you at
the end yeah you're compromising
yourself for some company are you
compromising yourself or because you
want to get hired for the next job right
this job is over but when you don't have
a job and it's just you're just you're
just an artist right then you just get
to create the best comedy you can create
and the podcast thing just sort of like
became like a support but it started off
just for fun yeah and then it became
like a support mechanism and then it
became this what it is now yes just
bizarre
which how long ago was it that it
started 10 years 10 years yeah so it was
like at the the forefront okay yeah I
started after I got booted from the
store yeah yeah I started two years
later you're like fun find your own
outlet well was that I was also
depressed I just come back from Colorado
I was trying to move to Colorado but
then my wife got pregnant when we're in
the mountains and we got a house in the
mountains like 8,500 feet above sea
level like way up like to live I wanted
to live up there yeah yeah yeah I just I
was tired of like as for me is like big
crowds like all these big crowds and
what would be like the perfect antidote
to big crowds no one right just peace so
that was like so when you are when a
woman gets pregnant at very high
altitude it's actually kind of dangerous
especially you're not acclimated yeah
Denver which is only 5,500 feet has a
very high number of premature births
I didn't know yeah because of that
because of the altitude yes you know
it's no fucking air up there oxygen so
we moved back when we moved back I was
like all right I was like I got to do
something different and so me and red
bands start doing just with a laptop
answering questions yes like doing a
live stream and answering questions yeah
knuckleheads like 200 people yeah you
know I think you put it up on your own
website
put it up on Ustream at first okay and
then after a few months we decided to
start uploading it to iTunes hmm as an
audio version of it yeah became what it
is now that's that's very strange
yeah but that also helps me to not have
a job right you know it's like I don't
have to think well now you are not
making decisions out of fear
exactly yeah and that's where people
really get but it's hard so I didn't
take that fucking leap you know it's
hard it's it's dangerous dangerous leap
mm-hmm bettering yourself yeah when you
when did you first like realize like
fully you're making a living doing
stand-up when did you go like I don't
need anything else um I mean I would I
like I said I started 20 in 2010 but it
was like two you know small clubs and
meddling yeah oh no I never met I went
straight from the store to headlining
really yeah it was a weird journey
that's crazy I wish I had middled fuck
did you do that laughs how long standing
and Chelsea they came back to back yeah
and so because I had been at the store
for three years just honing my material
and I was doing sets all the time I was
doing shows constantly around the house
Comic Standing launched a lot of people
right iliza who else Felipe you was
Alonzo did Alonzo get launched yes don't
saw me Kathleen Madigan
they do the early on mm-hmm
what's Ralphy for sure Ralphy yeah and
Gary Gulman good thing weird yeah and so
all right I wish I had middle because I
would have like it still is damn my god
I'm so curious how other people do their
shows you know but I just sort of went
from zero to 60 like doing the story for
three years that's crazy
- like headlining and so I just how much
time did you have oh my god I probably I
was headlining but I did a lot because
of my improv background with Groundlings
I did a lot of crowd for you for taking
that chance what kind of trick people
you were three years in your act and you
were headlining on the road off of
television off of TV yes crazy but you
know I packed a lot into the first three
years like I was doing because you know
a lot of people you're just trying to
find stage time but somehow I got lucky
I was getting tons of stage um it's over
three years I was doing like six nights
seven nights a week of multiple shows oh
that's awesome so I was good I was
getting lots I was getting material
quickly I think a lot of reps that are
reps yeah I did the show for Adam
Barnhart for a year every Sunday night
he would give me ten minutes
and brand-new comic you know that's huge
that's your brand new comic so I was
building material quickly but like for
as far as like a good set it was like 30
minutes but then I would do the crowd
work and and now would sprinkle it in
and so it would you know turn out to be
a decent 45-minute show and then I just
kept doing that and then I was on
Chelsea for four years I left Chelsea to
do acting and then stand-up took a
little bit of a dip but then I did my
half hour for Netflix it came back up
again and I was doing well at clubs the
last couple years and then my Netflix
special sweet and salty just came out
and I've been this is my first theater
tour and it's been selling well now I
feel I guess answer your question right
now right now 13 years in there
years in because it's cuz in standup 13
years is like nothing you know what I
mean like Peterson 13 years to get into
a theater tour if 13 years is amazing oh
really
yeah that's great yeah I don't know the
my time went so all over the place that
I don't know that's really good 13 years
I wasn't doing a theater tour yeah so
this is my first one and you know that's
the nice thing about the Netflix reach
you know is anybody come up to you and
go I love serious really yeah what do
you think though Netflix is like 90% of
the reach for the theater tour yes yeah
special yeah yeah I mean I've done a lot
of acting the last few years I've been I
did the Mindy project for three seasons
and some other things a bunch of guest
stars moot some movies what kind of
contract you guys have for doing that
serious thing I think we signed a year
contract and then it's kind of like
we'll see it a year if everyone's happy
I think that's what it is let's talk
after show okay I have some suggestions
yeah and then the special as far as
stand-up I mean I feel like I have a lot
of people because they knew me from
acting didn't know I was a stand-up but
I was Stan that's always been so
important to me and I was always on the
road even when I was acting I was
constantly headlining and I ran into
Bill like a year ago on the road and
he's like what are you doing I'm like
honey people don't know I've been
helping since 2010
I just don't talk about it I just do my
shows and now that I have my special
come out this is it's really great it's
like I'm doing these cool theaters we're
adding two shows most night that's
amazing it's awesome that's amazing
really lovely that's awesome
congratulations really it's like I said
there's a lot of storytelling now what
do you do in terms of now that your
specials out and then you're gonna tour
again mm-hmm how much new material I
have about 40 minutes with new material
oh that's awesome
I'm still working you know as your tour
start Saturday oh so you're gonna throw
some of the old bits in there
some people's our neighborhood neighbor
Yahtzee was like you should like do your
new stuff do as far as you can and then
throw in some classics because people
enjoy that you know they liked it from
they want new stuff but then they like
certain bits and why not yeah well fans
yeah I mean like to some people that
like Gaffigan has to do is fucking Hot
Pockets bit everybody blow a gasket yeah
you know there's certain people that
like Sebastian does a lot of his classic
but he knows the road yeah yeah so it's
you know the challenge as you know was
like oh crap now I got a like what's
what's my story that'll until next yes
we say that's working on yeah well
that's I mean that's the beautiful thing
about being a writer right do you smoke
weed uh here and there it's not like a
regular occurrence yeah I will say that
I did this weed dinner with Chelsea
where we ate like five course meal that
was all cooked with weed oh great and I
because I love food ate every course and
like cleaned the plate I was like high
as a kite but I have never been funnier
and I'm like why don't I do this more
often do they give you transportation
yeah they did oh I couldn't have and I
could barely walk by the people go into
a fucking K hole if you give him that
much weed oh it was a lot I think I had
like four joints wow it was a lot like I
was high on noon the next day people to
this day are like that we'd dinner was
the funniest thing I've ever seen
everybody's high like that yeah in a
good place
yeah I was in a good place and then at
the very end of the night it was all fog
nothing I like I remember sort of
getting into the car I don't remember
any of the drive and then opening the
door to my house and then blank again I
do remember thinking in my head like
don't text anyone because you don't know
or don't tweet you don't know you're
gonna say right now so I just made
myself pass out oh that's good that's
perfect you slid right into home plate
yeah that's perfect
you made it perfect that's nail the
landing there's not too much that's
exact right now like you you you
actually came here but I I think yeah I
should because it did sort of open
something in my head oh yeah that let
the silliness just so I should do a
little bit you know when I won't start
right yeah start right now this is what
some right now
sure hey kids I'm gonna have to go home
and write the the new tour starting I
don't even know I will tell you this
because you were talking about Ilan your
name is sheriff Ian held I cuz I
normally just do a little edibles
I don't even know if I know how to smoke
it right I'm like the lamest person oh
hush no you know just a little bit
that's a blunt tobacco on the outside
weed on the inside inhale right Bill
Clinton well this isn't like Bill
Clinton this isn't rocket science good
blow it out blow it out yeah let me say
it was nothing in there did it go in I
like gulp that I was talking to
Chappelle Lacey you know Chappelle yeah
uh like the dude who's like a
unbelievable athlete he was a
cheerleading champion oh really
level six world champion a cheerleader
and he's built like a tank
he is he's really funny but he's he's
funny like he's never never smoked weed
he's like I think maybe I want to try it
I was like listen if you try it try it
with a friend and try a tiny bit yeah
try with a friend of smokes weed I just
want you to go yes oh well that's it
puff hold on to it that's it don't go
crazy you have it in your mouth
I mean I'm inhaling okay goes all the
way in your life
pretty shirt them along I think I'm like
you feeling good you feeling different
not yet I do you do yeah immediately I
meet Lee yeah I feel like whoo yeah they
did nothing no but it definitely went
down my throat but did it go all the way
it like this and then all the way out
like you don't need it you don't need it
you're good I'm my own life I don't want
you freak out well no people freak out I
won't freak out we've had people freak
out who's the biggest freak out we've
ever had in here hi
about a few like where they just start
acting way different
Sturgill Simpson told me he's not used
he's he lives
I love Sturgill yeah Nashville that weed
they have is I don't know it's not good
getting the stuff out here is like so we
got barbecued before the podcast cuz I
know he loves weed yeah and he goes dude
that podcast started I know what you're
saying anything who's sitting there like
locked in and then all sudden it's live
- that was the other thing back then we
did it live yeah which freaked a lot of
people out just a live aspect what they
would say it was like attention to it it
was attention to the fact that all these
eyeballs were on you right now currently
right some strange reason could you tell
that he was like no I was high as fuck -
oh you know I mean I'm not immune to it
like guess gets me scares Joey okay
because he just he goes so deep yeah he
goes so deep it doesn't even make sense
he'll he'll throw down four stars of
death
those are 250 milligrams he doesn't
funny and he's laughing haha that's
crazy yeah I see the devil Joe Rogan
devil he gave me some some pills to give
to my lady
oh my god that feels a danger but I was
like don't give no biggie
he gave one that Thompson girl Tom
Segura has a bit about it oh yeah yeah I
don't want to give away the bit yeah
yeah recent occurrence yeah Joey dosed
him yeah would you try Joey's fight
again so he's fucked some people's lives
up for real oh yeah yeah yeah
legitimately cuz they go so they look
this is something I had a guy on the
podcast
Alex Berenstein it was a Berenson
Berenson he wrote a book and I had him
on with a doctor as a cannabis
enthusiast this guy dr. Mike Hart from
Canada and one of the things that they
talked about is how marijuana to some
people can and couldn't competence liyan
do schizophrenia oh that's for real real
yeah I think it's for real
yeah and so some people are so you you
think that happened to some of the
people just Joey you'd have to ask Joe
oh okay for sure I think it can do that
and for sure I think I know people that
have done that and have lost their
fucking minds because it's an alteration
of reality but is it that star death
yeah those and this cheeba choose that
are even more strong to choose yeah
Chiba choose that are 500 milligrams I
don't think it's legal anymore I think
once they went full legal there's is
that the case Jamie it's like ten
milligrams 100 milligram per per
container right so if you get gummy
bears mmm you'll have ten that are ten
milligrams and then yeah that's a
hundred okay so you'd have to take two
and a half bottles of the old fucking
things are they're not making these
things in a lab right next door to
pusher they're making microchips right
there's some dude some dude is cooking
this shit up and some bullshit
commercial kitchen that he got his
friends to chip in money for me this who
knows who's making these things I mean
I'm sure a lot of them are being made by
giant businesses now it's a real thing
now yeah but back in the day especially
like right now I can't really speak of
it I'll be ignorant I'm just joking
around but back in the day when you
first get edibles you had no idea yeah
I'm sure there's some testing methods
I'm just fucking around if you're a
grower you I'm sure
ones that ever worked on me doubt like I
would just fall asleep yeah I found out
it was like a grandma making them in her
house that because she liked them she
would sell her leftovers to this one
particular dispensary
but then they went away yeah I would
trust grandma it's the edibles but the
star death one it's 250 so you said yeah
that's an insane amount a thousand no
way to change four of them yeah Oh easy
easy
mm that's that's great Joey Joey can
just eat it he doesn't eat yeah it
freaks him out and he throws two more
down it's not kidding a regular basis
yes we landed somewhere he's like I
almost had a fucking panic attack oh my
god I was so high he was I'm taking two
more fucking he's two more down it goes
out he was so pumped about those pills
that he gave me I was like I don't know
I can't do this he's my favorite person
oh you just don't know anybody like him
Oh
Joshua's told stories about them coming
up he's just a genuine human yeah funny
I like him a lot but the the thing is
this Berenson guy Alex Berenson who
wrote this book had a really good point
is that um we think it's fine because
it's fine for you mm-hmm but that
doesn't seem to be the case for
everybody everybody has a different
point they can go to I think people have
different brain chemistry right right
that's one of the reasons why some
people have depression running their
family and we could all say oh hey you
just got to suck it up yeah I don't know
if that's true because we're built in a
way where we can suck it up
that's true but also it's like I don't
know how your brain is working right
it's just guesswork right there's no
thing like I could take your temperature
right and if your temperature is like 96
whatever the fuck it is it's hot what's
hot 19 what is it normally
98.5 is normal right it's 6:00 yeah
99.5 and 100 is higher yes we circuit
and pretty warm that's why the how come
this float tank they want it to be 94 94
is like the sweet spot they say that's
the surface or your skin yeah as I say
your internal temperature is 98.6 it's
not yeah I'm not a doctor either but my
point is you can measure that right you
can't measure how a person feels no you
don't I mean it's like so we could
assume oh they just got to get their
shit together but it could be a thing
like a thyroid issue right or it could
be a thing like some people are born
with bad vision right that why would
what wouldn't we assume that that would
be the case with mood - yeah right with
mooners it's gotta be like some people
are born having less happiness there's
less of a feeling of joy like maybe an
overwhelming sense of gloom just
genetically yeah I know yeah yeah every
we all know people who've just always
been kind of like down right now if you
give certain people like that some
medication it can help them right and I
think there's a leveling thing right
things out I mean it's not an exact
science right right there there was
trying to find things that work for you
that's with it but they can help you but
yeah people are in a situation where I
know people that have been like really
suicidal yeah and they got on some stuff
and that it helped them a lot and then
they slowly wean themselves off of it
after they and improved their lives and
they found they didn't need it anymore
yeah because it dulls other things some
of that stuff you know
yes yes it's tricky you're messing with
brain chemistry you know like hopefully
it works right but the the goal is to
get you feeling better than you feel
right yeah but I feel like since some
people need that and some people don't
it just make sense that some people
would interact with everything
differently than you would right whether
it's alcohol or drugs or cocaine or
amphetamines there's some people to get
a taste of amphetamines and they can't
get it up yeah and then other people
don't have nothing to do with that shit
no I get that crazy
yeah fucking sauce away from me I don't
want you running around like a maniac I
barely take like an Advil that stuff
yeah but I wonder what it is about weed
that can can open some other portal to
like you said this it's
or anything for some people again
obviously I'm an idiot and I don't write
anything about what I'm talking about
but I would imagine that what's going on
is that some people have a tendency to
lean towards mental illness anyway maybe
they're struggling a bit and then
something comes along like a big dose of
edibles and it just knocks their already
shaky cart yeah off the trail they just
can't do it right yeah it's just too
much it's a blow out event that their
brain wasn't ready for oh man yes sir I
think and I think there's a bunch of
mitigating factors right like some I
would like to know like when when do
these people experience these bouts of
schizophrenia is it directly related to
stress is it directly is it just
something that's genetically they're
predisposed to yeah who knows but he was
saying that there's it's it's possible
and we don't you know we don't know what
the numbers are but some people might
have like real mental health episodes
yeah because of a high dose of wheat
interesting I think we got a that's a
problem is the real problem the problem
is because it's been illegal for so long
they haven't funded adequate testing
right and it's it wasn't even legal to
test on and I mean for a long time right
I mean it's like the federal government
has to approve whether or not you can
test on shit that schedule one like if
you wanted to do some studies and you
wanted to do some studies on cocaine and
what it's like when people use cocaine
which is the effect of cocaine like
you're gonna fun cocaine studies right
they're like it's illegal why would we
want to get to the bottom of what you
might be right because it's got manacle
right right so we do
schedule whiners all the good stuff it's
mushrooms all the stuff they can get you
to see god yeah that's right yeah is
heroin schedule one it is that's
interesting
what about morphine there's morphine
don't they still use that shit in the
hospital yeah the button is rude the
fact they give you the ability
because why would you stop especially if
you could feel sorry for yourself you're
at surgery oh yeah
well nobody wants to they're in pain no
I'm just sitting there anyway right
let's put five quarters into this ride
it's like I don't know I can do that and
go okay I don't want to do that ever
again yeah some people can't and I don't
think we should think of that as
anything other than a chemical thing
mm-hmm it seems like there's gonna be
behavioral things with people right
there's some people that are addicted to
gambling right it's not a chemical thing
but it's still kind of it's a rush yeah
I think all that behavioral shit at all
ties in together it's really interesting
like dopamine yeah spurt well it's
really interesting to think how other
people's brains work like we were
talking about Elon Musk he's too smart
he's too smart like I can't imagine what
it would be like looking through that
guy's brain you know his brain works
different they know for sure right
there's different brains out there and
some of them create wild art right the
the middle part the Pistons have to
shoot you know they have to connect in
the left brain there's the whole light
left brain right brain thing you know
where sometimes the wires are crossed
yeah so that's why some people are
better at math some people are better at
writing you know there's a different
different part of your brains effect
those that's interesting I wonder if
there's gonna be a way to target those I
bet there's gonna be a way where they
put something on your head and it you
know because the things they do for PTSD
patients they they do this thing where
they energize with magnets some crazy
magnetic thing they concentrates on a
certain area of your brain where they
feel you've been damaged oh yeah and
fighters and some people with injuries
CTE injuries from the war they've gone
to this it's a base it's near where the
bases are down in San Diego pretty close
I think maybe within an hour San Diego
and they they use magnets to stimulate
your brain and so I'm obviously
butchering it but somehow or another
they're helping your brain heal itself
yeah what I hear something like that I'm
like okay what if you just juiced up the
right side right well if you just use it
every day yeah nothing's wrong with it
but it's I just want you to Joyce the
fuck up I'd like to be able to pass my
math test today imagine if they came up
with the technology if they come of the
technology that allows you to help your
brain heal and I know this is stupid I
know I'm not biologists but if they came
up with that and they can help use these
supermagnets or whatever it is on the
outside you wearing like a helmet or
something and juices up your brain and
helps your brain heal itself right why
couldn't they make you smarter I don't I
don't know what cuz you're talking
imagine if they just started to use it
like really rich people just started
wearing those helmets all day yeah and
just juicing their brain up all day and
their brain just keep getting bigger and
a head start growing oh my god what I
mean what if that is the future hot look
right look like the hot look used to be
like the the bigger the person like if a
king wasn't fat he wasn't attractive but
Kings wanted to look fat because that
would mean you had all this wealth right
and all this prosperity ya know and then
people got skinny like tits oh this
means you're fit this is the idea maybe
one day the ideal is going to be big
okay listen your brain up I don't even
know you could I don't know much about
even repairing your brain you always
heard that once you mess it up it's
messed up yeah I think they're learning
I mean it's there's there's for sure
therapies that they're doing but I think
they're learning a bunch of different
methods of how to help people heal from
certain brain injuries yeah and this was
part of that it's um
I mean it's really the brain is such a
weird one right it's cool it's how you
interface with the whole world their
whole body is like you know it affects
everything affects how you see things
and think about things that's where you
control all of your emotions it's how
you all stand up yeah yeah I mean that's
who you are and the brain is a strange
thing to fuck with yeah you know you're
like you juice in the pumps
that's why I'm like you ran a motorcycle
put a helmet on yes you know please do
have you seen the videos when they're
doing brain operations and they like I
think they make the people I play a
guitar think you lose the ability
refrain yeah if they're afraid they
might lose that ability if they're not
continuing to do it right he's going on
Jesus Christ that's nuts the best is
when people wake up from brain surgery
and they have this whole er skill you
know there's like stories of people like
suddenly being fluent in Spanish you're
like what yeah they can play instruments
I've heard that I mean I don't know
anybody like that but I hear stories you
know what's funny that is a really
fascinating idea that someone could get
a brain injury and come back with some
new special skill or a language you
would think I looked into that yeah
article about Mary Steenburgen she's
married to Ted Danson I don't know house
there last night yeah she had a she had
some sort of injuries she had surgery I
don't know if those brain or not it
might have been brain something she came
back and had suddenly the ability to
write music well and she like wrote the
songs for like a soundtrack of the movie
that just came out and it was and she
never had that oh the Stenberg brain
begins became steam virgin's brain
became musical after a strange
complication from a routine surgery Wow
all my thoughts became musical oh my god
who discovered a new passion for
songwriting holy shit yeah that's weird
that's what I was saying earlier it's
like everybody's brain is just different
mm-hmm we all want to hold people like
the way they think to a certain standard
right they want people to think exhibit
everybody wants everybody else to think
the way they do they want to enforce
their ideas and three we just have to
come up with a better way of a better
way of expressing that no one has any
idea
how you see the world right the way we
talk to each other we assume that your
version the world is exactly the same as
Mars yeah the world that we're coming
from the same place yeah mm-hmm yeah but
not only are you coming from a different
environment but your brain your brain is
different yeah yeah for sure like the
way some people see the world
did you see it different than you
they're looking through a different
window yeah and you can tell we gotta be
a little bit more I think we have to be
a little bit more understanding of some
people like that that's where all the
weirdos that's where the crazy ones come
from that's what they say that all that
person is wired differently
you don't think Quentin Tarantino's
wired differently Yeah right you know
I'm saying yeah I mean how are you gonna
make a movie like once upon a time in
Hollywood unless you're wired
differently right that you can see this
alternative ending to this for a third
story wanna go on a ride through that
dudes brain yeah like I create some
fuckin wild dark image I know but you
know that guy's his brain is different
it's fuckin different yeah that's why a
lot of this you can do it stuff that you
hear like inspirational shit the year
like you can do anything just say your
mind doing right not always really just
like you know well you want to think
positive that's always like if you can
think of the positive side but not
everybody can physically do everything
you should definitely think positive in
terms of energy in terms of the way you
view people except the moments but you
shouldn't think positive in terms of you
can do something that's not physically
possible yeah you should jump on a
moving vehicle you shouldn't like if I
decided at 52 I want to play football in
the NFL physically possible it's
literally not physically possible
maybe wired different after that my
career would last 10 seconds if I was
lucky and that would be it yeah is just
physical reality it doesn't matter how
much positive thinking I do right
I'm not winning any sprinting contests I
can't dunk there's nothing special
happening here that's physical reality
it doesn't matter how much positive
thinking I ever have oh for sure that's
where people get weird that's like when
people who don't believe in science you
know someone gets sick they go we'll
pray we'll pray that it will take you
know why you go okay I'm not knocking
praying pray all day but at some point
this person needs medicine
ya know God invented people people
figured out medicine God made medicine
just take the medicine Jesus Christ just
people that are studying their entire
lives to try to figure out how to fix
you they're not always right but they're
right way more than you are
or naturopaths I'm sure there's real
natural paths out there I'm sure there
are but just the term makes me go what
are you doing you go to real school for
that natural path I'm sure is a real
thing but for sure also there's a lot of
people that are like kind of faking that
thing yeah that like they don't telling
you how to heal yourself and tell you
telling you what herbs to take like hey
where's the evidence
there's evidence these herbs for doing
jack shit they're like just drink celery
juice like homeopathy
that shit's that's nonsense right isn't
it I don't know is that been proved to
be nonsense about homeopathy achmed
astray there's a certain amount of you
just believed in you got some medicine
mm-hmm right yeah Oh like the placebo
effect yeah yeah for sure there's a
certain amount of that I mean if you
take something that's like sugar pills
and you you definitely feel like you've
made a big difference to your illness to
return for the better you just
immediately start thinking that but yeah
but we know that's not possible
there's no good quality evidence that
homeopathy is an effective treatment for
these or any other health conditions
some practitioners also claim homeopathy
can prevent malaria or other diseases
there's no evidence to support this and
no scientifically plausible way that
homeopathy can prevent diseases it's
just you Kay yeah that's those English
people though they're probably trying to
save money on their socialized medicine
kidding yeah I think if you believe that
you know eating walnuts is gonna gonna
make you feel like you're have more
energy and feel pure and someone tells
you and convince ya you eat those
walnuts you'll start feeling different
very very beside you feel different in
life I don't know what percentage of
people you're not gonna get the really
skeptical people yeah the real cynical
people but for some people you give them
some sugar pills and it'll work if they
really believe it works you don't even
know why that is we don't know no one
they don't understand the placebo effect
yeah I mean it's real it's measurable
hmm and I think depending upon how much
you buy into it I bet that has a big
impact on the effectiveness oh for sure
because if you buy on 100% you do I
think fill that change but if you're
it's almost like some religions are
that's what they are there are a
theological sugar pill mm-hmm
like some religions are just if you
believe if just really believe you you
get rewarded if you really believe and
that's like that's the pull of a cult
right that's how you start adding any
wacky cult oh well yeah really bully do
you really believe I believe too we all
believe together oh my God we're so
connected we all believe together and
they're saying they got the answer
oh you got the answer well then and
that's also how you get people to you
know the churches that do the tithing
yes change good yeah that's a good slice
of cash right there I don't I know uh
Mormons tithe though there is that sort
of thing in other churches um yeah yeah
some some Christian religions definitely
do it yeah yeah tithe 10% man that's a
lot of money
yeah especially if you're an entertainer
and you're giving your agent
[Music]
yeah it's um I don't know if Jesus would
have wanted you to give payments like
that yeah I'll see you as Methodists we
just passed the collection plate and you
know if you put a dollar how's that
different than 20 you're just like I put
I gave something wouldn't Jesus be just
happy that I made the effort yeah it's
almost like they should just charge a
membership fee like some fucking right
like do you get more prayers if you put
it on 20 that's a good question I bet
you do I bet you get preferential
treatment yeah is it like raffle ticket
I would like $20 worth of prayers well
do you remember when preachers he's late
night preachers they came up with his
really dastardly move and the really
dastardly move was to convince poor
people to send them all of their money
yeah that God would return it tenfold or
you know to fold or whatever it is and
they had all these yeah different
stories of all these poor gullible
people that they were telling I mean I
don't know who was doing the the stories
where they would tell the success
stories right I did this and this
happened to me and I made so much money
afterwards and now we have a house we
have a car and they get these people
convinced oh and just send my last
remaining imagine targeting people's
last remaining dollars there's a special
place in hell that's some of that
televangelist stuff is you know really
prayed on that especially back in the
day it was like like you said those
commercials like what they have cuz they
did this for the church for us it's
crazy
meanwhile the preachers are flying there
was a preacher I think I heard it on
Stern there's a preacher that told the
church flat-out
I need another plane I need you to
donate money you're like what that's
great bunch of I've done that yeah and
there was one it was a woman interviewed
this preacher as he was getting into his
limo just getting off his plane she
asked him is it because you think poor
people are demons
he said something crazy about he doesn't
want to fly commercially with
all those demons oh my god
he's like a poor fool yeah this is the
guy oh man and he says don't you say
that
don't you say I said that you'd like me
he got really serious with her pointed
in her face and he's very scary man that
was all the rage because I'm from
outside of Charlotte it was a Tammy Faye
Baker Jim Baker just had to be shut down
he was selling some would debate
coronavirus shit he had a fake
coronavirus thing that apparently oh
really he got busted for they told him
to stop stop selling that yeah yeah man
there it is Missouri Attorney General
Sue's Jim Baker over misleading
coronavirus cure claims oh that just
came out bro that's what he looks like
now looks great ah yeah he looks great
is the best he's looked in years oh he
was selling it for on his website
totally eliminate it kills it
deactivates it that's what it said I
love my guys late I love we gotta go to
prison for being shady and they're like
not stopping look at that the product is
225 dollars in the show's website so
he's saying he's got $125 cure for the
coronavirus it does not exist
I was like drink this hand sanitizer
when you throw up that's the demon
coming out of you I didn't know he was
still uh wheeling and dealing like so
Whelan preachin um I think yes yeah I
think you show what well he's out there
rocking it oh he does the Jim the jim
bakker show POW shout out to the jim
bakker show yeah North Carolina
I don't know imagine if I really did
have he really didn't have the cure and
we were mocking I know and he's like you
was like what a scientist it lives in
the wood
and he he brought the guy and the guy
had a cure or the figured out it worked
but no one else News he's he can't get
fucked over by the FDA so he's just
gonna sell it from his website yeah sold
it for a deal with Jim Baker becomes the
king in the world he's the only one left
everyone else is like we don't have the
cure we don't have a vaccine it's just
him and his believers Yeah right we'll
find out
tune in folks next week but I miss Tammy
Faye rest in peace
she was a wild one huh anybody that gets
their makeup tattooed on top to Don the
whole deal I'm pretty sure yes all those
kings all that I make up Wow you letting
somebody drill ink into your eyelids
whew I think it's like become like more
women do it than you think
it's just that they do a lot better job
now they have like better tools and
techniques so people get them tattooed
on it but you can't tell I think we're
one or two generations from them being
able to do whatever the fuck you want
right what do you want your face one or
two generations fifty years from now but
you know like I feel like with that you
know people can change their face so
much already
it takes out some of that when people
fix certain things they take away what
was unique about them you know you know
Jennifer Grey knows people fuck up yeah
yeah
and you with your face you can't really
go back yeah it's hard right yeah it's a
real hard my bad yeah you know some gals
got convinced that they needed to get
their lips thicker and so they had
surgeries on them lips opened up yeah oh
yeah so painful yeah and you know so you
can get scar tissue anytime you have
surgeries yeah weird spots that's why I
became a comedian that's why they're so
weird to if they don't match your face
yeah what's happening here
mmm just the ratios off yeah you know
but I think that people thought because
they could do it with tits why can't
they do it with lips let's keep this
party rolling
all right I've heard that small boobs
are in their back yes what that's the
word on the street I'm off the market so
I haven't been testing it
that's probably what people have trends
right yeah people are like getting their
implants removed too well that's good
for health reasons right you know some
people there's a woman in cat Zingano
and she fought in the UFC now she fights
for Bellator mm-hmm she was one of the
top bantamweight contenders fought Ronda
Rousey for the title yeah she had hers
removed and she detailed it on her
Instagram talk about all the negative
effects it was having on her health-wise
I know she once she got them removed she
felt infinitely better well especially
the old implants you know how we were
leaking and a lot of people were getting
sick from it
yeah but probably the thing the problem
is apparently it's just like everything
else like stuff we were talking about
earlier some people have a reaction to
it and some people don't
exactly right for some people it's like
for whatever reason their body rejects
it and it creates like an 'm you know
what soured immunological so the word
immunological sounds right responds by
their immune system it creates
inflammation
some people have real problems with it
yeah you know well the trend right now
small boobs big butts Wow that's what
I've heard
interesting like a track star yeah make
sense
we need a streamline for when our
society collapses we have to go back to
live in the forest oh man
this is that like this coronavirus turns
out to be just like the flu and
everybody just gets to flu mm-hmm I hope
the hope that's the case
but we got to be really prepared for a
real one right really prepared for like
a plague yeah well because you're seeing
how fast yeah this is
not just that but how underprepared we
are right right I say we as if I'm out
there doing something oh yeah I need
funding well yeah I have tests you don't
have the tests I think we need to pay
you way more attention of this shit I
think I don't know what I mean I have no
idea of their underfunded or if it's a
matter of scientific innovation like how
much time it takes to figure out a new
better way to protect from these
diseases or if he was talking about some
of the existing vaccines that they you
know what they could have possibly
worked on to make a vaccine for a corona
virus they never bother doing it after
SARS right apparently which is another
corona virus type thing like animal dove
person type thing well there's a lot I
think apparently a lot of them elect out
including the flu yeah a lot of them are
people get it from like pigs that's the
swine flu Birds avian flu right yeah
it's the jumps it jumps from the animals
to us we get sick as fuck
yeah well Buki shit it's really scary
because you're already dealing with like
life right and then you're like oh the
plague of the land yeah pandemic and
it's also this is my take on it like
with the way we look at it is it we look
at it like it makes sense because people
we know about colds we know colds kill
people you know we know diseases kill
people so it seems to make sense but if
those were demons and not diseases yeah
tell terrifying the world would be if
like all the people who have dying of
diseases were really just dying at
demons that would be scary I would buy
that $125 thing Jim Baker was selling
why is why is it less scary to have them
die of disease than it is for them to
die from demons if they're both just
gonna kill you hmm why was if we just
looked at diseases like demons there's a
fucking holy war going on out there
there's a holy war going on out there
the demons trying to get us instead
we're like oh no it's just CO vid 19
stop it's a demon yeah
you guys are miss labeling these
diseases they're all demons you're like
can I take vitamin C for that we should
treat health care in this country the
same way we would treat fighting demons
well how do you never have to fight most
of those demons like Silver Bullet
fucking stake through the heart we
haven't put enough money into fighting
the demons we've accepted a certain
amount of loss of the demons everywhere
imagine if that was it like we would be
so angry at our leadership you fuck your
shit for the demons at home dealing to
claim and everyone like how many people
die of disease in this country every
year a lot a lot right like a lot of
young kids and old folks die from the
flu that happens in this heart disease
like the worst one I'm sure yeah beside
a disease general like you mean like
yeah because cancer is a disease too and
a lot of people get cancer you know if
we've thought about all that shit like
demons we'd be working harder to fight
it and there's a whole there's a fucking
holy war out there but how do we find it
I don't know it's not a corona virus
it's a fuckin demon yeah
and that's we got a call maybe it's a
bitch-ass team and it's only gonna kill
people with lung problems right now it's
not strong with a strong demon like
Spanish flu or shape-shifting demon oh
dude a shapeshifter
like outside are you watching that show
no but I've heard it's awesome very good
I'm deep in yeah is there only 10
episodes good shows do like eight or ten
easily may come back yeah yeah easily
it's really good it's a really good show
it's just a really well done Horror Show
really the stephen kids based on Stephen
King book oh that's right it did he
write is he based on a novel or is it
something I know it's his writing I
believe so yeah he does that a lot he
gives his stories out for young
directors to make projects with oh
that's cool they nailed it yeah yeah
it's really cool where what
where's my HBO it's really good yeah but
the HBO does that thing when they make
you fucking wait
Oh long make you wait a week yeah what's
with the way it feels like screaming
bitch streaming it's only streaming I
know that we can't go back to like a
p.m. here to noon I know it's it's an
imam to wait a week for these choses so
feels like a month well they also have
to give into this idea of like this
certain window of prime time mm-hmm into
a prime time which is you know whatever
the fuck it is right eight to ten people
want to watch whatever the fuck they
want to watch for their plane ride just
Jack the whole system yeah streaming
just fucked everything over for these
people that want you to tune in within
the show devs what is they like your boy
Alex Garland that did ex machina oh I
don't know seems like it I don't know
just me guessing based off the trailer
it just came out it looks like it's
about the people that make the
simulation sort of old Nick Offerman oh
that all he's really he's a good actor
looks good just came out have you ever
contemplated the idea of life as a
simulation no you ever heard a
simulation theory that's what they're
talking about like that there will be a
like the matrix type thing exactly yeah
exactly
[Music]
fucking Elon Musk believes it really yes
he said if you had one question would
what are you saying he would want to
know what's behind the simulation or
what's beyond the simulation like who's
controlling and I was like his one
question he would want to have answered
right that's on the other side yeah yeah
like who's controlling the simulation
what's beyond the simulation I think was
his quote right yeah he said that it's
possible and then have you talked to
some scientists that have tried to study
this like look at it objectively they
think it's more probable that we are
living in a simulation
yeah but it would be like yeah the
question really is what cuz it can't
just exist right right like eventually
it's gonna be here right this is what we
all agree eventually there's gonna come
a time where if you think about what you
could do now have you ever fucked around
phones like HTC vibes
oh the oculus oculus one it's pretty
sweet because it's just a headset yeah
and it plugs into a laptop or iPad
rather so the iPad sitting there plugged
in and you step away from it and you're
in this fucking world yeah you're in a
world other place yeah you can play all
these games there's boxing games those
games swords and shedding you're swiping
at like geometric patterns to fly you
and you're playing drums on them and
it's so realistic so realistic and weird
this is at its infancy mm-hmm but we
know for sure if they keep going with
that
think about what a movie used to look
like in 1930 it was so ridiculous
the special effects is so bad they're so
bad yeah that's like for kids today it's
actually funny I've showed it to my kids
and they thought it was funny right I
mean but back then it was amazing yeah
it was like beyond they think anything
anyone had seen that's not even a
hundred years right so what we can do
now with these HTC vibes and these
oculus is the all these these places
like sandbox where you go and play these
games and warehouses with virtual
reality this is just the beginning
oh yeah this is this stuff is going to
be indistinguishable right there's gonna
come a time where they can create a
digital realm that you can exist in and
it's indistinguishable from this world
yeah that's gonna happen it's gonna
happen it's just gonna take time if we
don't blow ourselves up
it might take other thing we have
plagues and yeah if we don't get by the
demon climate stuff we don't get
attacked by aliens we have us if we can
survive for a certain amount of time in
prosperity one of the aliens coming to
get us
I don't think they're gonna come get us
okay mmm they're probably gonna stop us
from destroying the world I bet they
would do that yeah like they were really
watching they rose from another
I wouldn't think it'd be a good idea to
fuck with people let's just let them
sort this out hopefully they'll get it
right but I definitely would want to
step in before they hit the nukes right
you know like we can't let them nuke the
whole planet idiots India right they
both have nuclear weapons oh yeah and
they're right next to each other well
when Trump was fighting with Kim Jong
hoon and I was like I'm like we're
really close please just Pakistan do
they have nuclear weapons as well it's
well India for certain has right they're
right next to each other and they hate
each other and they get mad like one
dude that if he's like really pissed off
Pakistan's weapons of mass destruction
is one of the nine states to possess
nuclear weapons Pakistan began
development nuclear weapons in January
of 1972 under Prime Minister
Zozo fiqar al Bhutto Ali Bhutto Zilpha
car I want to say his name I'm fucking
it up
no disrespect who delegated the program
hmm okay and so everyone is just like
what a gentleman's agreement that zolf a
car Ali Bhutto Prime Minister's it's
that's a crazy thing to like parts of
the world that just have wacky ass names
you know like there's a dude who fights
in the UFC mmm-hmm
he's the UFC lightweight champion and
he's from Dagestan they have a totally
different way of using words over though
yeah and their names are crate like his
name's khabib nurmagomedov it's like
this it's this powerful you know Russian
sounding name it so identifies you at
that part of the world yeah I came like
that there's a guy mago beds share his
name is beat mago bed sharapov Wow I
fucked it up so good thing that name is
a beat Muhammad Shara Paul yeah yeah
still sounds terrible coming out of my
mouth terrible
incredible fighter and he's from that
part of the world - oh there's Mago med
sheriff awfully long name like that name
shows you that's that part of the world
it's like like but Mike tunes hi I'm uh
I'm Jim Smith yeah that's so American we
have like a yes name program well we got
people came off the boat right it's
Williams Nova Vic Jones pit Jones good
to see you
Oh have you met Pete Jones where's Pete
Jones Idaho Pete Jones don't know no no
or they would just take your trade oh
you're shoemaker there's your name Craig
shoemaker ya nuts but but some parts of
the world they have fucking gallant
names you know long with you like
liberal use of Z's yeah but he's a lot
of Z's yeah but like some languages
though it's like this huge long name and
then it's like a zero with a slash
you're like that's how they write it
it's like all this long name can be
represented by like a tiny symbol and
some things are true I don't know like
um like a Chinese symbol yeah exactly
like that
imagine having to learn that now at a
grown age oh learn Mandarin so hard yeah
fucking really hard yeah you got a brain
injury you just could understand it you
couldn't explain anyone that's had what
had to happen what you're seeing Yeah
right yeah I'm I'm to think the crazy
thing about Asian characters to it they
developed a whole different way of
saying stuff they developed a way of
saying stuff like they can recreate our
language inside their language but
they're doing it with these little
symbols and they all kind of know what
it all means and it's all push together
like that yeah well we look at it as
just like a bunch of lines that we don't
understand but if you could see it like
that would be one of the weirder things
about learning to read it all of a
sudden it would look like language right
yeah it's no longer just symbols it's no
longer nonsense yeah
look at that and don't they read from
certain languages read the other
direction right left imagine if you had
to write all that out oh good lord
but that's and that's perfect yeah
that's like beautifully look imagine
like you know how bad doctors have
prescription handwriting stuff terrible
what's his note look like you know do
you have to really understand man yeah
oh there was supposed to have three dots
I've gotten mail like actual mail from
friends like oh Christmas cards
something like that and they write
something in it and I'm like hey bro
what did you want to say to me because I
can't read a word what that scratch was
but they still send it to you Oh what is
that well no wonder they don't oh my god
but that's how they're doing in Chinese
that's the Chinese version of it see
what that is
Oh oh Jesus Christ you imagine what kind
of 10th degree black belt in Chinese
you'd have to be to even understand what
the fuck that is that's amazing of
course though it just makes sense if
we're thinking the people of terrible
handwriting in English what would they
have terrible handwriting in Chinese for
sure yeah I mean that's illegible like
if you told me that was Chinese I'm like
bro that Scrolls kind of looks like
Chinese duck but Wow look how everything
flows and it's on top of each other oh
it looks like letters that are being
attacked by a tornado doesn't it looks
like letters that are all being attacked
by cartoon tornadoes at the bottom
everything's a tornado attack
it's a complicated language though it's
so much more interesting than our ISM so
I'm so bummed out that I'm too stupid to
learn at this day and age I mean it's
hard
Spanish is useful though there's way
more Spanish people over here of course
it's more spanish-speaking people but
it's uh not it's the beauty of Spanish
is that things sound like they're
spelled the hard part of the English
language is so many things are not mmm
pronounced how they're spelled yeah so
Spanish
literal yeah and Spanish is all using
the same letters that we use you know
like if you had to learn Russian there's
a bunch of those little weird Russian
symbols you like what is that yeah but
that must be how a Russian looks at
English they don't speak but the thing
is about other countries a lot of them
are bilingual
oh yeah oh we're we're way behind with
that behind I lived in Spain for a year
and everybody there spoke two languages
really at minimum and a lot of them were
coming from other countries and they
spoke multiple languages there I wonder
if that's one of the things that makes
places like Italy or countries like that
a little bit more like artistically
sophisticated still maybe maybe it's
that the fact that everybody knows more
than one language and one of their
brains just work a little better doing
that processing two languages mm-hmm
like think about all the weird like
every time I visited Italy I'm like how
did all this art come out of this one
place I know a lot of it they stole from
other spots or the Romans but just this
shit that they made for sure in Italy is
like this one little country yeah
how the fuck did you guys do this they
had a really good coffee but my argument
falls apart under scrutiny because they
just spoke Italian back then right they
didn't speak English back then did they
uh I don't think so they probably never
made contact with each other like they
do now well like even now you're like
you'll go to like a a gelato shop and
the the cashiers like fluent in like
Italian and English you're like you
couldn't make good kids million dollars
and the somewhat you know being a
translator but there's like oh we all
know two languages that's just how it is
yeah some of them are perfect but it's
like such a valued skill you know rare
and they'd only think they even know how
much that they have like what value they
have in them I used to know this dude
that is do Taekwondo with and he was a
he was at an international
shipment guy he get things in other
countries and bring them back to America
and sell them and this is like
pre-internet like I said liver pizzas
with this dude he's trying to start his
business yeah but anyway he could learn
languages he just had a unique ability
to learn language oh yeah it was really
into it and he would like recite things
from these languages to him like damn
dude that's impressive it's funny they
just kept learning he was really into
learning languages and then you know
he'd buy and sell things from other
countries he could talk to these people
on the phone like different languages
yeah well I think it's like having a
musical skill mm-hmm I think you hear
things like you are just able to
translate it better yeah hey my one of
my best friends brought up but he speaks
like five languages okay I can't I think
you just have to be predispositioned to
be good at that do you think so mm-hmm
is that what it is or is it just you
just have to love it I think it's a
combo of like you have to love it you
have to practice it but I do think
certain people have like the gift to do
it more than others mm-hmm I wonder how
many kids become really good singers as
adults because they get encouraged to do
it as children and they develop their
vocal cords and their ability to project
while they're growing right I wonder if
it's the same thing it's raining it yeah
yeah the same thing it's like there's
certain physical skills like martial
arts in particular where they think that
the very very elite cream of the crop
they start really young really and yeah
guys like Floyd Mayweather started
boxing really really young and he's
pretty much regarded the best boxer ever
and yes as he grew up he grew up like
his body was developing while he was
boxing right you know so it becomes
almost like a part of who you are and
your body and your skills become one of
the thing yeah and they think that when
you're learning and you're like in your
30s like say if you are like a pretty
athletic person you're learning in your
30s you were always going to have like a
giant
deficit right when you're dealing with a
guy like Floyd Mayweather yeah because
it's just so second thing in his bones
it's in his DNA it's clean and honed so
the pathways are so polished and he has
so much understanding cuz he's been
doing his whole life yeah it's it's like
there's certain things you see almost
like you can't catch up can't catch up
to certain that you have to if you want
to if you want to develop those skills
to like the the ultimate peak for some
people it has to be done while they're
growing and evolving it seems seems as
and I was wondering if that was the case
with voices too if we little kids are
singing we're really I'm one of those
little kids develop amazing voices
create like strengthening it as you
think so right like swimmers they start
gymnast yeah yeah everybody starts young
yeah it would make sense that you know I
feel like there's a lot of energy
involved in singing I can't sing but I
feel like there's a lot of projection
energy involved in it I would think that
if you learn how to do that as you're
young as your body's growing and
developing it'll I would think so I
would think so yeah you know people get
classically trained they get all these
different trainings yeah but if you
started younger it does seem like you
would be at such an advantage I wonder
if that's the case with talking shit to
talk shit when you're really young
becomes a real problem as you get older
yeah that's hard to learn oh yeah it's
hard to learn how to talk shit
yeah thirties and forties you least have
siblings I feel like they're good at
talking shit or good friends right my
friends that can shit on you yeah it's
not a bad thing yeah it's if it's funny
you know it's fucking good for you it's
good for everybody
yeah it's look it's we're funny people
are funny well I think that's what made
me is have a thicker skin I have two
older brothers yeah so you're just like
from day one there's not your position
but they let they love you but they talk
to you in a different you're not coddled
you know brothers they're just like
toughen up yeah it's a totally different
kind of relationship yeah they know you
they're they they know that every day
you you know it's some you always find
that really tough people they're really
toughest people a lot of them not all of
them but a lot of them they have older
brothers that used to beat their ass
yeah the best fighters in the UFC
oh yeah like I don't fight because why
would I fight but if I had to like
protect myself right I know that
old-school fighting with my brothers
would just come out cuz that instinct
would come back that like fighter flight
no you're like oh my brother's about to
beat the shit out of me I better toughen
up and fight back yeah cuz I didn't care
if you were a girl
there was no like oh that's your girl
you can't hit girls about we'd be like I
not be an instigator to like eight I was
like that's what you got fuck you you're
eight that's America's that brothers Wow
your brothers they the ones the oldest
ones seven years older than me and the
middle ones three years older than me oh
my god so that's a lot yes ladies a lot
sevens ridiculous yeah it's almost like
you're dead oh my god you might dad yeah
but yeah like I had I remember I got
sent to the principal's office like
second great cuz I gave some of the bird
how did you learn her where'd that come
from
like my brother that's hilarious yeah
that makes sense that you that would
lead you to comedy they turned into like
really good guys but like when they were
young I heard stories like when they
would walk past that that was back when
people would keep their doors open in
our little town everyone see my
brother's coming home and shut their
doors like they were like the rug rats
of the neighborhood's I just learned to
be you know a little feisty
do you think that helps you in comedy it
certainly certainly helps because you
just you know we all eat shit at some
point but that's that's the hardest
thing for people to take right yeah
oftentimes well is yeah it's hard cuz
you're like it's just you in a
microphone if you're bombing it's you
yes sweat through it yeah I mean it
certainly helps like you know social
media that we talked about it's brutal
at Tom's you just are like yeah you know
it's not fun you just kind of shrug it
off and go hell and move on yeah but
those bombings are so valuable
yeah for sure damn they're valuable I'll
yours are so valuable like we look at
them like they're really bad and it's
terrible and but if you have energy
failures are valuable because that makes
you realize like I got some correct me
to do yeah I gotta figure out what the
fuck went wrong I gotta I gotta get her
and re-energize this you yeah cuz if
people were just laughing you're is not
making you get better and that's why yes
what sometimes you just sweat it but it
does make you're like oh something's not
working here yeah so I try to pretend
that I just bombed every day yeah just
about
I've thought about it that way like 10
like I'm doing a set right after I
bombed get to work right no yeah it's a
weird thing we do mm-hmm
it's doesn't get any less weird no you
keep doing it 20 30 years it's still
weird yeah it's weird
well I think that's why with the stand
that was a great equalizer these you
know huge comics can go for their
audiences go kill kill kill but then
they gotta go back to the comedy club
and with that new stuff and start from
square one don't work it back up so it
doesn't matter how big you are
everybody's got to go back to the club
at some point and that's the beauty of
it really is that's the beauty of this
era we've all been we've been talking
about that a lot lately because it's
such an important point you you become a
beginner again yeah cuz you have new
shit
you know and you know I was hanging out
with Tommy this weekend
Tom Segura was in Vegas who just
happened to be there doing stand-up the
same way I'm same weekend I'm there for
the UFC yeah
so they he came to the fights and I came
to see a show oh that's cool and his
show he's he's got you know his special
is just about to come out and he's got
all this new shit that he's working out
at the clubs and all service it's so fun
to see that stage where someone's
putting it together yeah you know they
got these big laughs and he's got these
this part where they're trying to figure
out where this goes and then you can see
how much is vis new and how much of his
polished where he's going with do you I
mean I'm like Tom who's you know so
seasoned do you look at stuff I never
really hey I have a suggestion or you
kind of just you know do you ever I
really sauce I mean we talk about stuff
and he'll give me one to tell me you
know I love it when you did this way
first show you did it this way we
definitely do that to each other yeah if
you see something glaringly
yeah you know like we ask you to the two
like Bert and I were talking about a new
bit that he had where he did it one way
during the first show and he missed the
part of why it got such a big laugh and
we were explaining it I was like I was
like this is how cuz I watched both
sides I was like this is how I saw the
first one but this is how I saw the
second one you were implying something
that's more funny right and he was like
oh right yeah okay so that yeah so I
needed more of a pause there I was like
exactly right like otherwise it seems
like it's a part of the sentence before
yeah I love that I love getting that
feedback yeah oh it's great getting it
too you know some good comics have given
me really good advice mm-hmm it's cool
when you see it through somebody else's
eyes yeah for sure cuz yeah there's so
many things you miss mm-hmm yeah because
Bert Bert was doing that with me he was
like oh you said this thing you got to
go back to that thing right and explore
it you know like you record all your
sets I listened to half of them yeah
we're even a board I record all of them
yeah that's how I learned how to do it
feel like if I if I learn that way it
seems to me that
when I'm doing it is just it's always
just trying to do your best right right
and for me part of doing my best I have
to hear it I gotta listen to it yeah and
if I felt like something went weird or
something was clunky or I tried to do
something backwards do the punchline
first and she's just fucking around with
a bit trying to expand on it I need to
hear it yeah I need hear it I need to
hear it I mean yeah science right it is
kind of but it's also like like what's
great about Joey Diaz is that it's an
art right there's no science to him
right it's feel it's just he know he
knows what's funny right it's it's you
know buddy's like that all the time I
listen fortune got the chip what's got
the shit yeah he just cut this shit and
yeah and he's got a lot of opinions and
they're funny yeah I just start with
what's funny to me and then expand from
there and hope that other people find
them funny if they don't you jump ship
trying to bit yeah but when you doing it
you're doing it for a specific reason
right you're doing it because you're
trying to figure out how to make it work
yeah yeah that's a little little science
project you're doing
mm-hmm you know yeah it's kind of crazy
well cuz you know that certain stories
from your life or family or whatever
funny yeah sometimes like like but how
do I get that across in it not via you
had to be there moment you know I mean
do you think how do you make the
audience be there that's the part for me
that's always what I'm aiming for
mmm I don't want them to go away going
oh I guess you had to be there to find
that funny I want them to be like I felt
like I was in that moment with you
watching it happen I like that yeah well
that's just a really good joke right I
always say that most jokes that you see
recorded it's probably 70% as funny as
it was if you were there right do you
feel like that's accurate for sure yeah
because there's a feeling that you get
when you're laughing with
people there's a communal feeling yeah
fun about being the audience yeah yeah
part of the fun of what we do is the
fact we do it in front of an audience
everybody's jazzing the off experience
everyone having a good time and the
audience can control you so much of the
mood of the show yes you know sure for
sure when you're live are you watching
it at home rather you're you're just
getting a ghost yeah I'm your ghost of
that night Yeah right
you know you're not getting the full
juice it seems like someone's funny what
I'm saying is if someone thinks you're
funny from Netflix and I'm sure they
will you're more funny right on top of
that you're more funny on top of that no
one percent yeah it's just cuz there's a
magic as a matter of people you know you
watch them live oh my god it's one of
the cool things about what we do is it
has to be done live and then it has to
it has to learn you have to learn how to
do it live yeah you to practice it live
[Laughter]
know what's going on now though you know
they know you're doing that before like
when people would come to see you they
wanted every bit to be you know polished
and done and ready but now they know
that if you come to the Tuesday night to
the comic store there's gonna be some
clunky premises talking about there's I
sometimes you have a new idea and you
just get it off wrong right out of the
gate and you can't recover
ya can't recover one flat tire who's
next
yeah Joey comes murders how many nights
a week E going up I'm doing hitting
different clubs probably three to two
three a week oh that's cool yeah but I
go I don't go like to the comedy store
every week I'll change it up new
different shows around town yeah what
are the other spots like to hit uh I do
store Laugh Factory improv hit up
flappers sometimes gonna go to flappers
is a good place to work out you ever do
the ice house yeah do the ice house like
all shows
Largo here and there there's some mother
like rooms that do like gay shows those
shows but for me it's always important I
it would be easy for me to go to the gay
rooms and just do those shows those
audiences they know my my story is
similar to their story they know my
thing for me as a comic hitting the
store is always gotta be part of the
routine because I want I wanna like
appeal to the bros to the straight
chicks to the married couple to the
whoever I don't want my thing to be for
one group of people I think that
attitude is why you're so fuckin funny I
mean but you have such a good attitude
about it like you that's such a
professional approach you know you're
looking at it objectively and you're
saying I want to mix it all up I want to
do everything cuz there will be times
I'm going to the store where I know like
have a new bit I don't know how I'm like
I get anxiety like I know it's gonna be
hard but I got to do it because that's
the only way to get better you know and
if I could just go to this alt room and
kill and be like but it you walk away go
on yeah but you're preaching to the
choir yeah yeah exactly like what did I
what did I accomplish from that right
and then so for me this store has always
got to be part of my workout because uh
you know you see do you see the arms
cross yeah what do you got you know and
then you have to slowly see those arms
unfold and you don't win those people
over good for you and it doesn't always
happen but it makes you keep keep at it
you know that's why things are you
already 13 years in you're doing a
theater tour well that's really is your
the over very professional attitude
about it well I love I love comedy I
love stand-up I respect the art form I
know I'm like on the newer side of it
even
13 years and and I just trying to find
my place in it and you know how to keep
getting better at it
well I really I think that's why you're
so good I really do and I'm a fan
yeah I think you're very very funny I
appreciate that I enjoy working with you
really I mean I look up to you so much I
mean don't do that no there's no I mean
your storytelling is like unbelievable I
think that one of them I saw you doing
that
um what what's happened oh are you yeah
are you sure he's telling stories like
fucking funniest thing a true story -
yeah holy it's like a whole new level
and it's so great to watch oh thank you
yeah thank you very much thank you
absolutely um tell everybody how to get
to you on incerti 311 dude we've been
doing this for three hours
oh my god that's crazy and I didn't have
to pee once you're amazing you didn't
even budge I wore a diaper now I'm a
fortune Teamster spelled out for people
FBI MST er fortune like the cookie yep
that's my Instagram fortune futurecom
slash Torme 1/2 tons of cities my
special sweet and salty on Netflix and
all that good stuff all that good stuff
and just fucking hilarious go out see R
come thank you very much for being thank
you I enjoyed it bye everybody
[Music]